can u do check in for me
score ke update nai milre apke
i need a hotel near symbiosis college
i have trying this app for first time
your app have some bugs
any nearest atm
us trip
is their any nearest rapair services of cars
still invalid it says
_date_ s match update
hi, i'm interested in watching running shaadi. {movie_name:running shaadi}{task}
for the train
hosur
wake up me
wish you the same
I want to know the nearest pizza in my location
like , malad , goregaon etc
no
delete to do item
who r the batsmen now
good evening
i want to go for mumbai darshan
i want punjab bank atm
can i ping you in between those _numeral_ mins whenever wan na now scores
thank u for details
Bus for today night for Ahmadabad to Bikaner Volvo sleeper
Gionee service center in jaipur??
No I don't want to book as I got cheaper flight on make my trip
kuch puch sakata hu me?
stop reminding
yaman,s3 etc
Cold drink offer on large bottles
just tomorrow
tell me how to ask someone that
call to manish ss milling tomorrow 11am morning
what about my cab details
i want immediately
please now!
stilll not recieved my recgarge
where is subway near my location
is virat kohli still playing
i am planning  honeymoon in the month of april 3rd  in india can you suggest for me.
upat diye sentence ko mujhe english mai transfer kar kai dijiye plz?
can u help me with massage spa
nhi aunty
. no refund shall be granted on the confirmed ticket after four hours before the scheduled departure of the train.
bangalore to mumbai
your name is deepti
can you check availability of 1seat from jamnagar to thane in train 22946 on 13 the march 2017
I want tickets
Would there be buses available in AC Seater... For friday?
yatra?
could you please show up my reminders once again ?
arre why?
in which theatre i can see this movie
travel dated are not fixed but it will be in 3rd or 4th week of march
I want to order a pizza from pizza hut
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 721696, user_id: 1985513, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
any other theater's
no thanks as of now
so you r guessing kkr
did mumbai win _date_
the pastry was made from 1-2 days
any another option
who had won _date_ in the ipl match
cn you tell me the timings for aus vs pak
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 595795, user_id: 1950376, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
what was yesterdays match results
gandhinagar to jamnagar
"passenger 1:	name: ambica jain	passport number: n7861014	date of birth: 17/01/1989	passport expiry date: 08/03/2026"
call oxigen wallet
Need a hotel In Ahmedabad near airport
who was the winning team
remind me at 2:59pm  for crown it
I want timings of buses from ahmedabad to rajkot
do they deliver the bicycle at home
yup,  i like to book a bus, for around 18 sweaters
Cn u tel of which date I cn get confirmed tickets for delhi to vaishno devi by sleeper category in train
Lucknow to delhi flight tickets today
i will tell later
"		hi, i want to book ubergo {product_id:c8170d76-b67c-44b1-8c26-5f45541434d2, api_name:uber, product_name:ubergo, seat_count:none}"
i get simple pizza only 100rs.
trip gas ended
I want ICICI
No, i want only resorts don't bother about the check in/out just give the resorts with beautiful views may be 3bhk is good.
but he dint pick the call
number gurgaon
You know what? Instead of a text.. Gimme a call of all these reminder.
please suggest fights from nagpur to pune on 7 th march
i want to know the latest points table
order from kfc
Iam in arumbakkam weich Bus should i Take to reach ambattur
how much dhawan scored
i need kfc menu
i want current office number in my ares
isme confirm ticket available h kya
any cash back???
Kindly check for air ticket availability for 1.10.16 from New Delhi to Vancouver, Canada
most runs by a batsman
whats virat kohli s score
do u remember dt my tuition time 5.50pm naa
wrong address show me
ride is ended too
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 697842, user_id: 1980660, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
thenks
share
i have micro oven
call to mr pritpal singh on 08437901996 and plz confirm his arrivel time
why my cashback is not credited
nothing required now... thank you
Blue Dart centre or office
give me rate if bombay to banglore on 7-8th may
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sat, 04 march at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 700303-700304-700305-700306-700307-700308-700309-700310-700311-700312-700313-700314-700315-700316-700317-700318-700319-700320-700321-700322-700323, user_id: 1981111, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i really hoped kkr would win it though
italian
remind me to call graphik stills at 12 noon today
ya sure
where is sneha ?
Munnar
and how much did mi score
Goa to ahmedabad
what are the ipl score table stands now after _date_ s match
i also need to know that hospital's should have robotics specialisation for operation
i would prefet uber
remind me on 9th march abt meeting dr for ear stitching
2 mints
new movie
i want some tiffin
Can u check flight charges from Mumbai To Varanasi on 17 sep 2016 and return on 22 to Mumbai.
hey manal tell me d score widout images nd also tell me how many ball nd needs how many run
how much discount will i get ?
I wanna do sat sun trip to kolhapur frm thane
Hi, I want to book tickets for Rustom. {movie_name: Rustom}{banner}
any cheap ticket _numeral_ - _numeral_ available
good night resh
what do you think who will win this time
in dadar east
muthoot financial near by
where i can get customise case covers in vasai-nallasopara?
who is playing and what the score
Can i know about airtel 53 rs 1g net pack
could you recommend me a restaurant near by
do you have a service of  2 wheeler wash
10.30 atm, paste, oil
any leads??
7869
no thnkyou as of now
can i provide the name details
ok then which is the nearest open mcd from my location?il go myself
not banglore
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 05:00 am { reminder_list: 714908, user_id: 1233072, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
4327 571 906
4000
"		i would like to cancel my `wish devang happy birthday!` reminder for thu, 03 august at 11:00 am { reminder_list: 685098, user_id: 1970867, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
library
from tommorow....
i want to change destination please
r u real one
Cheapest mobile operator in bareilly for 3g
Dominos offers ..!!
rcb is gon na win this ipl
mereko tum real wali shilpa se baat kara do
why is this problem?
Hey can you search and find me how much a cab will charge me to pune from Goregaon
unisex saloon which offers some discount
is the cost for 3adts?
hello akshay
who is next to bat
wat would be ola micro cab estimate from my location to biyappanahalli metro?
calling
i am looking for a power yoga/zumba class nearby
may i know the exact address of district b.c.welfare office in krishna district
Check for bangalore to kolkata... See if ita available..
let it be
99
wankhede matches
nearby postoffice please
remind me to put swimming bills in bag today at 7.30pm.. also remind me to call amex tomorrow morning
wat about ipl
I want to know the flight details.
kutram 22
show me morr special
send me the low price for chennai to goa
hi muje janna tha lakshmipathi balaji kon the
who is sneha?
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for sat, 04 march at 05:30 pm { reminder_list: 705663, user_id: 1982022, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
jaipur to bangalore
cab facility in hanumangarh
Minimum age that requires train ticket?
I don't want remainder anymore for drinking water
Need flight details
Any previous birthday reminder??
Hey can you find me train with available seats from ltt to bhusaval on 7 octomber
there used to be one for 200 too ?
Hey Neha, how do I cancel the reminder
amt 1070
bat karna chahti ho kya aap
any coupons available?
Get me veg pulao from samrat Chalukya
movie tonight
library in uttharahalli
hw many ovrs r ovr
no thanks dear
any detailed reviews on denty dental clinic
match result
where is raees
what is the duration for the movie rangoon
now that's good response
can i have the tariff from tuticorin to chennai
Omg ur sending me reminders againnnnn
i need the best school
but in day not in nights
names of the people who got out
i want top five batsman list
booked
and 2 child seates also
Library
any cash back will be applicable or not
u r so cute
Please tellme the cheapest of cheapest hotels near Chattrapati Shivaji Airport Mumbai for 3 rooms and 9 adults
i want to add new reminder
i want the match updates
patanchervu near
please give me updates in between
u replied late sorry
mm
hey can you find me the nearest lady gynecologist chember?
samjha nahi
please let me know probable xi for _numeral_ -apr- _numeral_
kal hi karta hun book
thank you so much vipul
near by hero honda show room
please show me the trains
airtel k internet offer
remind me after 1 hr
Shows in pvr velachery Tmr ...
kya hal h
can you send me the link of dhoni s last over which is six n fours in ipl
apply wallet balance
please ok
hi is there any offer in postpaid bill payments??
i want conf tickets
my city is sri ganganagar
rooms
wake up reminder
kuthampaakkam
i don't have enough money
could you help to find out kazoo instrument repairing shop nearby?
i would like to get the score updates every _numeral_ mins
can you find swimming training center near nagerbazar, kolkata
Xerox shop
not now will tell u
amazing staff
not accepting online order
How stop the reminders ?
141406650 jet privilege number
saturday water purifier repair
0k
coach status plz
i want full scorecard of the last match
daily at 9.50 pm
"hello padma, 	i want to book a cap for tomorrow at 7"
call on this number : 078752 19197
full match score
why it says hptk expired
please stop the call for medicine
6665044792
score of hope on _numeral_
what are the playing eleven
set a morning alarm
Damn. I wanted a window seat
bsnl 149 data plan details
what's the offer
I want to know the release date of the movie ae dil hai mushkil
kitna kharcha baithega
hey, that's fine i need to book it for the 17th of february.
please remind me at morning 6am
i want menu list
if possible can you send the updates to my mobile phone via sms my net is coming very slow
book pls
near anantapur
sorry restaurant
can you set it from 8am to 11pm
from : chennai to tirupur
i meed recharge on discount
still no one is coming
Hey cN you tell me the status of the train from bhikwqea to Mumbai
is it for train booking?
what about fly1000?
i want to pay my phone bill.. so is there anything offer or cash back let m know
yes. started working. thanks
ok thanks sandeep
monthly fee btwn 2500-3500
can you updates scores plwase
Reminder for 1st oct have a date on 2cnd oct can it be done
tomm nees to send packing list to head office for kolkata and bhubaneswar truck
Train ticket booking
from cafe amaretto there are no  cakes available
i have reach at 12 can you give me reminder at 11am
whr offers i have
i'm at bog marley beach
buddy...plz provide correct info
Hii..pooja
Check in 8th September and check out 9th September
This movie
i'll tell you later
as your wish to remind me 😂
dont u hav offers for pizza hut
_date_ s final match timing
Looking for sm fast food
new delhi to vijayawada
i want to change my time preference
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 716847, user_id: 1984482, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
tell me the match pitch report of both matches _date_
i cant understand that
first i want to know u
can you inform me the timing of semifinal of india with west indies
i need to know telugu movies reviews
Can you also check for cheapest option for. Ahmadabad to cochin
😊😊😊
jeshalmer
I want to order pizza same as my previous order
hi uncle i m back would you send me the ipl score
theatre at pacific mall
Can you tell confirm ticket price and tatkal ticket price ?
how much time to go to guru dronacharya metro station
when does ipl start
okay thank can you please tell me next sunday so timing
hello deepti
Can u plz tell me an estimate if I travel to pune from Jaipur by train
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 11:00 am { reminder_list: 714636, user_id: 1984180, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Hi I want Samai rice
can i know for march 4th
carpentar
quebec migration
i need cab
wen is ind pak match
Some me the shows available
Hey. My Sony camera w830 is not working.  Out of warranty.  I live in pune
Hey Mayank, could you please help me set a reminder @8 AM for a meeting with a colleague of mine?
to is paise recharge kar sakte h na
Near by food
no. federal bank atm
yes sure will!
We are two adults and two children of 10 years in one roon accommodation only.please give the hotel accommodation names
I NEED TO KNOWN ICICI BANK near sabarmati ahmedabad
any promocode
for pet vaccination?
Can you give me the phine number of the reliance store of mall road in kanpur
great great thanks a lot ☺
12279
hello.
current score rcb vs ddr
i hve a train today
srikakulam
any theatres
indian coffee house
"		i would like to cancel my meet reliance jio recharge reminder for fri, 31 march at 12:00 pm { reminder_list: 707830, user_id: 1091598, task_name: meet_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can i get any coupo
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 698060, user_id: 1980686, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
any new tamil movies?
ohh gl won
any offer from haptik for electricity bill payment
Broadband  sarvise
is this updated after _date_ s match i e tuesday - gujarat vs delhi
i need to know restaurants near vandaloor zoo, chennai
Can you book a taxi for me from my location to Nasik road railway station....OLA cab
movie
sant mical school kha pe h btaiye na
oh thanks yeah it helped
Best pizza place in sector 35 chd
i paid already
i want to know the deals
hey, i'm looking for the nearest atm!{repeat_banner} 
Need to book a movie ticket
can you remind me for one more appointment
who the fuck won _date_
remind me for the above meeting 30 mins prior to the meeting
from 9:00 am to 11:00 pm
iam in karnataka
whr it is?
sir vahot jada hai....
cancel my wake up call
can please tell me score
Ohh sry arrival time
recharge my jio
av pina hai 19:55 pe
is there any axis bank atm
Reschedule water reminder from 6am to 10 pm everyday . Frequency every 30 mins.
ambala to delhi
can you call to logix mall noida and verify whether there is subtitle for the malayalam movie aby
would you send me the latest match updates
give me the list of players of mumbai indains
it's done thank you
yeah.. it opens at 10am.. found it thanks
is anythng possibke
records broken in _date_ s match if bangalore and gujarat
same location and destination
pizza hut
house cleaning
hey i want a hotel.can you give me details????
hey!!
I need to book a train ticket
is there any discount on ordering from haptik
Watch clash of champion wwe Date 26 Time 5-30
ya please check availability of cab
plz find it
Fridge
please remember me on mndy to watch final destination movie
馃槖
why you put smiley
send me _date_ s match playing _numeral_ players for both the team
i need to cancel some of my to do list
thank you danie
2556556773
yes s
what s the position of delhi daredevils
i wanted to know can i transfer the money in my wallet to my bank account?
yes because my office bus come at 6.20
not now sry
mini
rojar that
can i know your name?
Can u give me train details
they are pretty far
"mumbai to goa 	date 15 april	return 31 may	for 1 passenger"
is there any connecting flight
can you please tell me the cheapest rates for flight to delhi from pune on 20th of this month
plz stop 9.30 tablet remainder
what is the match timing
Can you stop these reminders
can i use my haptik wallet for payment?
Book it at Cinemax shiv night show
akashvani
payment by haptik bal?
noidaa secot 44
Remind me to comb my hair
nfjdjend
no mam today has completed my meeting so m tired dear
this is the wrong table
does aditya birla financial services group have offices in delhi?
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 691447, user_id: 1968879, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
"		i would like to cancel my to-do: night walk for everyday at 07:55 pm { reminder_list: 356731, user_id: 1869426, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
how will i pay for this ride
activate dnd
any offer??
yup 馃槉
whos the place of match playing
can you share the score card please
want to change pick up location
House  on rent 1 bhk apartment
send the ticket
pnr status please
change in departure date
raipur stadium stats
any scheme running currently
I want choco run fudge from temptations
remember
i need bus ticket booking
i need briyani from khazana restaurant in richmond town
you can stop water reminders
second number shared is plumber not carpenter.
can u remind me by call
over ketna hua
these are cheapest
Cuming movies this Friday?
thank you bro last time who will win the match them send this full details
thanq boss
r u a girl?
Call 5 - 6 times till I attended the call or cancel ut
please share nonveg food derail
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 691520, user_id: 1976991, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
ac class
malad k najdik me  koi acchha restorant me discount accha mil sakta hai dinar k liye sunday ka
tell me who is going to win _date_
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 684427, user_id: 1977653, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Call?
hey can you call me today evening 5.00 o clock please
kindly remind me
i already have an ola/uber account from which i have already booked cabs before.. so does this cashback have anything to do with my existing account?
no respond
hyd to jaipur
t3 airport
All trains are chair car?
it is great experience with you
can you. please tell me where meizu service center is
ok do fast plz
ohk thnx
rest matches details
Can I place food order
fast plz
no have not got it
airtel number
what about _date_ s match who won it
fort
quota
thank you malvika..bt now bt very soon
oma
Hi I like to know bus routes to Bikaner from New Delhi
Need a cab to work tomorrow
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 06:00 pm { reminder_list: 723932, user_id: 1986163, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
bro remind for boost with milk after 2hrs
ohh means you support nz hmm
will confirm
no dats all...thank you
how will i get cashback
Hotel promenade Pondicherry
monday is holiday
Free recharge
Boi atm
i want to knw final machdate
waiting
But please..  Call 2..3 times.. Till am not pick up the call.. That's okays
any tamil movies
if anything required i will definately take services of ur team
please tell me about the score
what happened _date_ s match
Send me the menu of food places at marwar jn
sorry i don't want
good morning sir who was the man of the match of _date_ match
1 jaan or itne saare kaam le rahe hain
ibwant a restaurant
Travelling from New Delhi to Guwahati
can u book 4 tickets fr ne
muje kharre ki aadat chhodna hai
need to stop this wake up reminder
right ?
how can i get tickets
Hey stop my water drink reminder please
it's vary important..gn
jii nivea men dark spot reduction cream kitne ki hai
i had referred a friend.he made a transaction of 200 but i hadn't received any cash back
no anjali but thank u so much 😃
bro 11am
i want to know about azahar mahmood how he fixed match in indian cricket team
Cab i set a reminder for someone else?
with out net connection you can remember to me
my name is krishna
how can i stop it
as you do
for cab riding same account neccesarry ??
is there any cashback?
Is there any taxi service available for udaipur to jaipur which charges 600rs per person basis for swift desire
ok.
Uber offers
madam to late  i asked for today 7 pm
Screen broken
5:20am today
date 10
😃no sir.. thanks for askin
Taxi from new Delhi to agra
bolo bhi
keep reporting me over by over and wicket by wicket
how many days are there in a year
i wanna eat jalapeños
3d logan
and are there any ipl matches in delhi after _date_ may
thanks saumya
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 699122, user_id: 1980956, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
msg me scores screenshot after every _numeral_ over
hey do you have any offer on this movie
3:00 to 6:00 am wakeup alarm tomorrow at a frequency of 10 minutes
d28, sector 15, noida
I want to know the bus from majestic to bannerghatta national park
mi vs rcd wankhede stand arrangements
Any train from Changanacherry to ochira for today?
which is the best flight in spicejet indigo jet airways
witch team are out of the game
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 707069, user_id: 1982370, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
near the beach
Please book for bhopal express now
the review of peter
i want the tickets for t _numeral_ semi finals in mumbai
Any package for Goa and Maharashtra .
please done fail me like last time
3/28/2017
offer for movie tickets
"		i would like to cancel my call kiran bua reminder for sat, 04 march at 02:00 pm { reminder_list: 707241, user_id: 1980286, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
12/30/1899
sorry send by mistake..
what is the cheapest rate of flight from jaipur to udaipur in this month
but i want confirm ticket.. not waitning
scores ni was watching it few minutes b _numeral_ ndo n t kno y it is n t working nw
is there any offer on movie tickets for commando 2
any cashback coupen available?
i want top _numeral_ batsmen with high scores in ipl
give me wake up call
what s the score now live
i want to take a hello tune
want a resturant where group of 6-7 people can hang out
ola and uber cabs possible?
i need to know the places holi celebration takes place in bangalore
sure.. will let u know in case if needed
I want transport my bike in train
DTH recharge?
more movies
im looking fot outpost@alibagh in alibagh
can i know near buy hospital or lab test centre
please call me  7pm
Book a hotel
i need at inox sunny trade centre
tankew for reminding me.
oru mexican aparatha
yeah i understand ...thanks
please tell final match playing xi
exuse me scores
is ola n uber strike called off ?
who are you ?
2128697376
are there any tickets available for the semi finals at wankhede
is dr any official confirmation abt starting time of match or the toss
Any travel package to Leh
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 05:50 am { reminder_list: 706893, user_id: 1982167, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
"please show me one way flights from hyderabad to srinagar 		onward date - 28 june"
in koramangala
status?
_date_ match won
show me the list good spa
is thus shop is open at this tym ??
"		i want to know availability and fare in second sitting (2s) in train number 17405{product_id:17405_sc_nzb,api_name:trains_api}"
can you look for air tickets with lowest fare
Book 5 rooms in budget hotel in Ludhiana for 5 and 6 November
about borivali biryani in mira road
_date_ who ll win
where is the match started dlfipl score board
A regular margarita and classic veg burger pizza.
rchg pe koi offer?
want to postpone tomorrow
plss remind me i want to sleep at 9:10pm
can u call on 8107966141
no bus services naa
i want the tickets now
Find best restaurant in gomtinagar Lucknow that should pe pure vegiterian
Can you tell me how to go to seacom engineering college from dumdum metro station.
badrinatg will release
hirekerur
Train timing?
visakapatanam
baveshwar naga
earlier my wallet balance was 300  now it is showing only 136?
commando2
_numeral_ days match
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 699476, user_id: 1981020, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
having girlfriend is not a bad thing ?
i'm in kerala
mgvcl is not founded
can you get me ipl schedule
Plans btado
sure*
please wake me up
😂😂
From chandigarh
ya or wallet
update time to time please
give me the location of doon bike rental dehradun
i need the nearest bbq restaurant
Remind me every month 5th to pay credit card bill
which card
mine visa, not applicable, however tanq
upto delhi
Can the reminder be sent on daily
i meant thanks 4 the reminders ..you already hav set 4 me
that's not safe
i have to watch movies
gujrat lions vs kxip match scoreboard
running status of kerala expres dt.4.3.17
Pls tell me the location of uco banks in ujjain
11025
any offer on mobile bill payment
wat a match
i didn't get balance in my wallet by applying reffral code
is there any offers available on  dth
hello.. can you please help me with the details of packers and movers near kavery circle
next match between whom
once please check the my pnr status 4541237484
ho thats great
have you any offer
mahanagar cng station ovala thane opening hours
ohhk sorry
please remind me on 9 march
_date_ give updates
i just want to know approx cost.
about _date_ s match
GM, the plumber from urban clap had come, he did the rest but the geyser issue still persists. I guess you call prateek the original guy who had come. Even he called asking if the issue was resolved but since this new guy was in his way I told him to hang on...
U did not remind me to take cassets
sire
srh scorecard
how to cancel deals
u r located @ ?
I want to book Le seasons resort in Goa..
Hi,please find kotak mahindra bank near to me
hotels
Motorola service center
go ahead please
i askd yu for d team squad
can u pls stop this reminder till further notice
looks like the prices have expired. can you please show me cabs again?
today if possible
before 11
meenakshi
send 12w square panels to jaquar warehouse
nothing..
i need to book tkt
thanx shruti
i need alarm
please recharge....my number 20rupese only
so who lost
Turn Off my water reminder
why this type are problem we faced
"time: 03.00 pm	date: 12-03-2017"
please send every over details
okay cool give me score updates mam
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for thu, 02 march at 10:45 pm { reminder_list: 684588, user_id: 1975455, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
thanks 👍🏻
show me flights for 10th mar.{278308}
check pnr 6759523690
my recharge is not done
fashion street
i want to pay my hathaway broadband bill
i meant i don't need help or an alarm to get up
Hi could u look up flight tickets for me - mangaluru - mumbai- Nairobi on 13 Dec and return on 11th Jan?
schedule it again
"date: march 3, 2017	time: 8 15 pm"
i need to check a flight fare
what s about mumbai s match
tickets for ipl match srh vs rcb
i drink water
how did u wake me up
thanks i will do
Chicken fried rice
is there any offer on recharge
govind govind is k no problem i'll come na
no the phone is postpaid
Nearby any ATM of united bank of india
chrck for flights from new delhi to mumbai on 14th august
i need a hotel
hey , thanks team haptik ive not been quite responsive these days but i do appreciate ur timly reminders.. thank you once again love the app❤
remind me after 7 pm daily
i want number
let me think..
sorryy
i didn't understand
who will win the game
please send me the schedule
is there any cub atm near chennai one?
I don't want any reminder from now onwards
joke samrat
Electrician no
i need group insurance
_date_ konsi team ki match hai
cheap ones
kfc
i don't want online orders
thank you
"actual data connection was on,  but i received notification only when i opened haptik. 		is it necessary that to get notification i have to open this haptik app?"
"		i would like to cancel my meet someone reminder for fri, 03 march at 07:26 am { reminder_list: 689318, user_id: 1978684, task_name: meet_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
25 members
Call only pls
can i know what are the hotels in ub city
hi dear maalvika!
i just want to know that whether payment would be done against my bill
tell me the fair ...as my destination is solan. ...basal location.....both way up and down
chess club
Cancel tomorrow's alarm.
mothot finance in kirti nagar
who won the match last night punjab or mumbai
can you arrange body massage therapist at my house
i need a ticket of final
hello.. umid hai aap jo krrre thik krrrre
list of virat kohali runs in this t _numeral_ world cup
please cancel aal reminders
next time sure
Plz tell me the train old delhi to hanumaangarth rajasthan
What is finger food?
I want to know if I want to travel from jodhapur to jalor nd from jalor to kalyan how much is km .
bar and restaurant at mallapur
im hungry
book ola micri
and check in bandra west
Need cheepest flight to bbsr from Mumbai
"		i would like to cancel my call ganesh reminder for sun, 05 march at 06:25 pm { reminder_list: 723349, user_id: 1985913, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
which is the dark horse team bw india pak
plz deliver
Book a 5:45 bus please
i want to go
hi i want cancel train ticket
wat is processing bill cycle
set the alarm. fir mrng
Please Stop reminders
oh match is there nthank you
please give
wt about score
lithe n ok
nope, message was sent by mistake. thanks
call me at 1: 48 am today
can you book a cab
thanks for location
cancel this reminder of whenever a hindi movie comes
ka be
Activate DND
I need to know , can u book bus tickets
i want ticket of _date_
Haptik find me the nearest pnb atm
bohot ho gya mazak ..ab serious queri hai meri
maharashtra
i also need you to set a reminder for going to the gym
on airtel mobile bill payment
after _date_ match
mobile postpd
cab facility
Hey please remind me to call a journalist at 4.28
bapu dham
that's it for now. thank you!
Hi, kindly cancel the reminder to drinks juice, the timings have changed.
how much viratvkohi made against kkr in the last game
i extreamly sorry i wrongly select this option so dont panic aman
Philips service center
Planning a trip to Pondicherry. Can u suggest places to visit    trip is for 2 days only
will you please delete the study biology, study chemistry and golden guide reminders please
sorry pay bill
i guess dd won soo please send me the latest one
State Bank of India atm
Whatever reminders are been set. Please add those to my to do list.
vanisa kya kr rhi ho
Do we have a laptop repairing shop in my area.?
how's u
why martin guptil and kore anderson did n t play for mi
kaaraikudi
suggest me i will like to get porting
is there chance of rcb to qualify for the knock out
i want to sell my computer
no.i have booked it
please tell me my all regular reminders. I meant to make changes to them
you think who win the match
other days
2S is wat is it ac or without ac
it was mmafe through id on mobile number 8975112268
dey r nt showing d right location
want to activate dnd
what r the results of _date_ s match
i can use my balance to order food?
recharge got success
Mi xiomi service centre
hlo
top _numeral_ bollers
i would like to know is there advance booking available for movie commando 2 movie ?
i am asking for lunch ?
Hv to order pizza   n domino's can u help me out
why the hell u message me
is there any offer in pizza hut
whats _numeral_ moro s final timing
Nearby bakery
lenovo service center
Can find nearest reliance digital store from my location
i want to book match ticket
please stop reminder by call
on 18th march
fix more things
8406558227 check pnr status
How to know best deals on my Vodafone number?
will let you know whenever i require the same
show my reminders now
pooja..thank u dear.. if it is needed.. i'll inform u dear .
Any train available frm canacona (kankon) station to mumbai on monday
in my phone
why should  i recharge  with u
Can u find me nearest government hospital
Call me...don't text....its for tom...that's Saturday
when is dgo ndhoni s next match
can you help me find residential complex society near yellow line in new delhi
so 2 reminder right
Flight from jpr to Delhi today
i just dont understand... even u r telling the fare is 4370...den y did i pay rs. 363 more??
any other offer?
"dear frnd. i was come here for recharge  bt i met with u .. i felt great here after chat with u ... that's why .	pls do not be wrong thonk abt me."
hotel chaiye gf ke sath for 2 hours
May I know the show timings of the carnival cienamas kolkata for today.please
fridge repair
i still didnt get cashback in wallet
"please show me return flights from bangalore to dehra dun 		onward date - 06 march	return date - 06 march"
call to mr patel for due bal
which team is won _date_
price is very high
Is there any other ayurvedic store near me
m traveling from sydney to mumbai by singapore airline
whats the fare
wake me at 12.35 tmrw
rcb kkr me
hiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
send me full score board
update me with the scorecard
whom i'm talking to computer program or a real person ?
nice to meet you
hi can u suggest agency for travel to usa from india
flechazo show menu and details
what is the score dear
can i have match update
anything is fine
eligible
i'm so tired please help me
I am planning to travel to Goa this December please do planning regarding the trip including stay and sites seeing
hurry up
pickup need to choose again
Rate quoted by you for the above hotel is inclusive of taxes etc ?
i would like to book one now
krishnan will reach bangalore airport on march 2nd by 8.00a.m from abu dhabi , flight ey 286
bang vs pune
Domino's pizza mania
have you had lunch
which one is correct this is in crickbuzz
pnb atm
botad
"mujhe btaiye ki mujhe andheri west jana hai to dadar station se pehle kon se station me utru to sbse pass pdega	jabalpur to mumbai root me"
sampath married
ami chesthunaru
will book in 10 mins
book uber
tell me who will win the match
I need to travel to cochin
when will it reach at sgnr
i need calls between 6:50am to 7:15am
all telugu movies
how can i recharge my tata photon wifi dongle
thane near jupitor hospital
ipl points table score
Hey can you suggest me.some good place.for one.dsy trip
get me waiting list
chennai
boi
hi can you give me the list of players of all ipl teams
sorry i was trying to understand the app
oooh i.mean friday
on the same date
yesterday i asked you to find whether any apple show room is in thirunelveli or madurai
hi shreya do have any offer or cash back in flight??
hi puneet , can you do web checkin for me?
I want to go vaishno devi on 30th
travel date. 4 march
kk...thank u..
hey can you give me the update of ipl
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 07:00 am { reminder_list: 725869, user_id: 1858885, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
sry just tried not required at the moment
now i'm habitual of drinking water
suggest good place for chicken shewarma
tell me names of top _numeral_ teams selected for playoffs
are u a just. a entertainment
sure, hope we talk again
pnr number 8656386857 cancel tickets amount not my account please help
Reminder to pay phone bill every month .
hyderabad at _numeral_ without any wicket
Nearest sbi deposit
shall i delete the app cuz i don't think receipt would generate after 30 hrs
Can u find if any TV cable operator service near narhe ? Near arunbaug society. Dnyandeep school. Manajinagr
you are a bot???
ipl next kolkata knight rider vs mumbai match venue
i want to go shri krushna medical
Hi, for the water reminder, pls do not call. Simply send an sms or an app reminder
veg food
Theatre Name: Raaz
are you aware of stiching costs for ladies?
Cash deposi machine sbi
ok will get back .. thank u
can u please stop reminder of drinking water
hello sandeep. today i booked the train ticket but i have recieved email without ticket is attached. kind send me the ticket.
no tv repair?
fare ??
State bank of India atm
Wake me up after 30 seconds
sangareddy
any offer is there
how much distance from indore to bhainsa
gonda k ander kha par
thank-you
can you send me updated one i feel this is older one
lko to del 4.03.2017 one passenger or one way or economy class
can u plz refer above messages
ik
are you machine or real life person
uttar pradesh
akash   my bant how many  recharges i have
"please show me return flights from new delhi to bhuntar kullu. 		onward date - 30 april	return date - 26 may"
on sunday nt
is there any code for dth recharge
its my choice
no bye mistake
good afternoon
amritsar mumbai ticket on april 23
how could the user believe?? i mean as you all are unknown faces
daily  7am
cheapest flight from new delhi to dubai
ok thanks. l tell you
any telugu movie near me
i need a contact no. for the repair service
mum's anniversary on 13th march,
hiiii sneha
i need catering no
ohk thanku
okay please give me updates
can u tell me what is the estimate fare or uber from mohan nagar to mayur vihar
bangalore to delhi on 14th march
Can you tell me how many days before  we can book train tickets
hey sakshi
i was just trying this app
stop giving calls for water drinking...
tuday
tata  indica 17310 is final right
last time you sent me some contact numbers of construction firms
can you help with menu
offer is expired ??
no thats all
i had added paytm as payment method
thanks same to u
any tamil
any offer for domestic flights
lesser fight charges from chennai to coimbatore
Delhi to Kolhapur flight
i didn't got on my mail id
give me best offer
sorry nopes need
when is next match scheduled
tell me winning team s name
can u show me the list of movie thetre/ multi plexs in odisha
What r the places to visit in goa
Send me std rate cutter for BSNL
what s the match winning projection
You didn't remind me for medicine today
can u tel me d local train timing from pimpri to pune?
Wat is the time frame from bangalore to Delhi in flight..?
upto 7pm itz enough
wake me up
hello pranay, i was checking if the coupon is working
when the match is starting _date_
cancel the ride..
can you update me with the full score cards
i changed my mind
to help you make the payment.
i d like to get live score updates
already did thanks..
darjeeling me veg me khaane ka koi accha option bataye madam
Can i book bus ticket from this app
tell me cheapest hoter charges of goa
stop water reminders.
hdfc atm
would u help me ?
we won again ha ha-ha
6162118695
How much time it will take from VSKP TO ELURU with train and bus routes in shortest possible route to travel on this thursday
who won last night west indies or rsa
any offers on cab bookings?
How to get Vodafone loan
Flight available from Chennai to guntur on 10th September--low cost needed
what is ur name
Lenovo mobile service center
where is bank of india branch
india won
i didn't booked flight ticket
I need an electrician
two tickets
please give me the regular updates results and point tables of ipl _numeral_
match place
hii
which team is gujarat replacing do you know by any chance
BEST buses from Navrang andheri west to RN Cooper?
tell me opposite team to india in semi date and place also
Find me a Cafe please.
hi, i want to go out and dine. can you recommend some good restaurants?{task}
update me with the live scores of this match
s madam, your absolutely correct...
i have booked cab directly by ola in hurry
good night ☺
is there any cashback on booking train ticket
When is film is releasing ??
i will call u later.
thanks for great options
Banglore to Mysore train is there today
Nearest petrol station
please make new task
once i need surely i will text u
ludhiana to new delhi train on 05/03/17
How to get reliance jio sim
can u do a web chk in for me
can u flight from durgapur to new delhi
Remind me on 8404810669
damro furniture land no wrong
Axic bank
Sir ticket live status want chennai to Thirunelveli date 13 January 2017
stop my reminder of medicine
sorry dear today me on fast.
can you get me the contact information for nearest domino's.
i want details of a mobile service center.....
wake me up at 9.30 tomorrow
thank you :) water is life
i was looking for gyms nearby
rcb and dd
i booked the train 12902 and the chart prepared but the seat is not conform and the refund is not also come . so pls refund the amount
single
nothing thanks
Hey remind me of my medicine at 22:30 hrs
that s amazing score
what's the time now
any cashback offer for me
hey im asking near by show rooms why r u saying long distance
whay time is the maych _date_ n which teams
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 720916, user_id: 1985281, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
thank you, ravikiran!
i mean a key maker
Where is latha cinemas
Godan exp
not at the moment but thank you
Cancel all my wake up call
but i forgot
_date_ match timings
Today having meeting
Kochuveli express
27 Sept morning 7.30 to 7.45 alarm
when match in this stediaum
score card of _date_ s match
i have to take medican as well so can i mention that on to do list or should i set reminder for that as well
medisol
Hi I need the menu details of central jail restaurant jp nagar
7.45 tomorrow
are you bot
i am not getting notifications.
bank of baroda please
thank you bro no power no backup
shihm 3
i want two rooms...2 person in each room
okay dn
gim me d scores
do remind me every day for my  medicine
sorry. i was just trying
Remind me to take sandal today at 22.00 hrs
itis all done
Kannada movie released presently
wy
ro water filter
update me toss
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 713396, user_id: 1983938, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
not car repair
hlwo..i need a little help
get p. u. c done of honda city on  3rd september 2017
book the gas
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for fri, 10 march at 07:30 am { reminder_list: 693283, user_id: 1969331, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
whose wicket went
today 8 am alram{task}
Hey, I want to order 2 kerela paratha and 1 chicken butter masala boneless for home delivery from ammus, tavarekere
Nearby jewellery shop
can u stop the reminder . i have done it.
Options? Bus or train..
got pump
d cock is playing for delhi _date_
chopstick menu card
6/4 night flights
who _numeral_ have been out hit wicket this ipl
Micromax service centre near me
are there any cashback..?
no sry on 2
i want all matchs schedules
yippee
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sat, 04 march at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 709124-709125-709126, user_id: 1983101, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
wake me after 1 hour 2 march 2017
i'll ask if i need any thanks
deny
can u pls tell me the best cashback recharge offer.
i need hero two wheelers dealer showrooms near miyapur
hay can you stop my weak up call everyday 6am
Suggest me a movie please
there is no need to remind
foreskin means
based on performance in world cup till now what what are the winning chances of west indies
Could u call to 8137911033 this number at 7.00am tomorrow morning as a wake up call
suggest
Go to manali
Soo how u will u call me
Nizamuddin exp no.1245
kolkata to bangalore on 14 may 2017
yes but only for one passenger
is there listed the dhwarka hotel, aachole road
_date_ macth
kolabera is very near to my place
Hey there, can you help with booking flight tickets?{banner}
borr ho rha hu main
tell me general ticket fair from chandigarh to jhajjar
i want to purchase jiowifi in bagalkot
Best time to visit paraguay
undispute4
gujarats last match was not mentioned in that
croma store
is this for new uber user
of ticket booked with haptik
i need offer
todays match bn
can you find me the an english spoken classes
there is no recharge of rs 99
you can ask your teammates who have more experience in mobile usage
and let me know
hello ji
Hey I want to book a mini bus from Baroda to anklewar
i need every day remainder of doing pranam
for mobile repaire
no other ola cabs ?
team srh lifting trophy
Lemontree buffet price
i ordered one item still it's not coming
i need a tempo carrier to shift my whole home stuff from one pg to the other
ok sumit
visit old house
just before sometime i allready share it naresh
are you serious
I want to know the show tyming n tickets cost of thoadery dhanush tamil movie.
first i want to know fare rates, this is my first time cab ride via haptik
why is sammy not playing the ipl this season
is there any offer going on for me
i am uninstall this app
what is the best price for a room at grand  millenium hotel in dubai t com area{task}
i want home delivery
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 684659, user_id: 1977725, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Is recharge of air tel DTH possible through haptik??
who will be playing _date_
ya i know vanisha
how was your day,
Dillhi se ghuhati 15 november 3ac
what channel i can see ipl ceremony
for a fresh booking what i want to do
how much get discount on this ticket
all maches include sh
hi melissa
nope ..
i have to book a cab to airport
pest control service
Indusind Bank
sakhu
when will i receive my cashback ?
mall
when is srh match again
full ining btana
gl wins
can u pls remind me to pay my mob bill on 15th mar 2017?
Stop all reminders
how?
want to book train ticket on 6 mar from mumbai to delhi
I just want to go to delhi
mahabubnagar
How many times will I get this wake up call?
hey thank you for reminding.
sorry cancel it
i want to book an ipl ticket
can't you check yourself
Can you find out any english movies going on?
kuch discount offer h kya
abhi tk koi cl nai aaya
after 4 hours
these flight timings r not sutable for me
12/30/1899
buy one get one is available????
stop sending
scb
ipl tournament
Majnu letast telugu movi which theatre in Rajahmundry
when wl b d next match for us
when it shall be updates?
is there any nearby hotel?
semi final which team can be akash
the current score of todays match
bye vanisha
any cyber cafe here
send me link again
How to check balance of prepaid mobile of bsnl
yes ;_;
ahh
????
yrs
"nseit limited mandsaur		ground floor, behind choudhary automobile, mhow neemuch road mandsor 458001 landmark honda showroom"
Can you book taxi for me
dth
ride cancel
can you call me at 2 53 am
for every 2 hours
any offer in vodafone postpaid
where is my tickets ??
yeah got it,thanks!
nt from tmorw
need 1 ticket in second class
Find me the nearest atm
thanks tanushree. medicine taken
Stop birthday reminder
"		i would like to cancel my `wish wish dipa nd pinky happy birthday!` reminder for thu, 02 march at 10:00 am { reminder_list: 678753, user_id: 1151258, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
matches in whankhede
the electricity bill payment is of rs. 650.
lg. mobile service center kaha par h
I want an information about the train thungabadhra express travelling between kurnool city and Secunderabad stations
i'll let you know if i need them
Hi,please book a ticket for me
hi... paddu
I want to go khandala
can you send me kohli s total runs this ipl
Activate DND on my cell plz
every  half hour
is there any charges applicable by using haptik?
18406
thanks darling
i don't want that reminder
can you help me order pizza ?
State Bank near my location
9/16/2016 12:00:00
remind me at 7 pm regarding polive verification
best of luck lndia
m not in gaya presently. i wish to send a cake to my relative there
where is the payment in ticket.
send me the snapshot for nasik to kanpur 4 tickets also
upcoming movie
wow is toss win _date_
tell mi each players run
Central bank in chomu wer is it
can u search for garlic brown bread?
Hiieeeee plz remind me, i hv 2 cl zain at 9
vanisha
india vs pakistan
can u please share d restaurant details
Nearest icici atm
aramex customer care no.
tum bhi yash ho ?
the current match
i would like a review of the movie logan
so make it for today only 10 30 am
do i have to pay to keep haptik??
already one reminder is on
like a notificatio
is there is any offer
are all your services free of charge
dude. get me a real person here.
u too dea
My flight on time ?
i think rcb will win
1105am eat breakfast toast
Any train from trichy to pondy tomorrow
I asked train station...not metro
I need a taxi
are you coming with me
any special code for recharge
No.i want chicken biryani
sasta sundar copun
good job...👍
any offers regarding faasos
call the suellen payment call at 11 am on monday
Want to order chilli potato pl suggest
can u tell me a jock
can you send me near by restaurants
i am sorry
yaha
to hubli
book tickets for logan
weather i'd be eligible for the cash back
can i have night trains
can india win tmrw
kya bhari match hogi _date_
flexible
yaa sure vanisha
no reminder for drinking water please
any offers in tamilnadu?
give me all the updates of todays match as well as the live score please
current running status of trains from sahranpur to muzzafarnagar
we received both tickets
yes one more thing that plz add a note on that reminder "watch top gear now" ty.
Can you check for availability for 16316  Bangalore exp for today?
oh maderchod
thank you please update me when match will be strat
hummm
1 pyj 1 shirt 2 t-shirt 1 jean
2 copols
ghazi attack
no thaxx
where is the time table of may _numeral_
just tell me has the booking started
check annual membership in that gym
goodbye and take care good night
Can u find out nearest Apollo pharmacy
on my last ride
ko
pnr no 2809103244
Hi,  leave your Diwali holiday planning on us.  Get best prices for flights,  train or bus tickets and do your bookings with ease on Haptik.  Book now :)
please find availability between surat and jawai bandh in 3 ac coach
Safe hotels for couples in
virats total score in this ipl
cancel this please
live scre
Nearest HDFC Bank ATM
I want to have beer
hi punit
which movie is playing in jai bharat theater in tumkur
send me the match summary till yet
All train leaves from raipur arrive bilaspur
no 😊
i am still waiting for tv service
i wanna book it for right now
wht you thng who win todays match
book ticket for 2
i said not now
tonight
today i wlii going to ambala frm rorrkee
any offers on train booking?
can you also provide man of the match list for ipl t _numeral_ _numeral_ of each match
Prestige induction
charminar express
which two teams are playing yoday
Can u please find me the nearest gym to sinhgad college vadgaon
thank you. my deepti.
how to book ticket ipl match
hello dear same to you
Can I get mutton curry ???
hey i want to order a cake can show me a outlets
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 07:00 am { reminder_list: 499044, user_id: 1918809, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
& can u tell me, if any reason we have to cancelled the reservation.
already just now i recharged through haptik
want to know abt scootz flughts
i need ola
get cab for me
i m sorry to ask you but i thought i was talking to shraddha
done nor required
delhi scorecard
And can u make another reminder on 7:15 am
can you give me timetables and fair charges for badlapur rainy resort
otp did not came to my id
Recent movies
Search amts bus route and bus number
baby
then through card it's ok
is there any cash back coupon
statistics of mumbai and hyderabad
i suppose to tnxx upcomeing match schedule please divya
i am not able to enter
let me decide
not received any remainder
i want to track my order
i jst cancel this plan
no idnot
health and finance channel
can you please tell me when bahubali 2 is going to release ?
I haven't set any wake up reminder
chattisgarh express
change flight
Try to find  room in baangi hotel nadiad
3ac
car
u said to wait
And including the visit
Thinking 2 go with hotel manas
delhi daredevila owner
nation
hey update me with the scorecard of _date_ s match between gl vs kkr
don't you think it's way too costly
remind me every hour
Ap reminder call lagaye
all the match details list
Are there any pizza offer s
i'm already up
no man.
Is there s any setc bus from Dindigul to Royakotta tonight
and now india in semi-finals and play with wi
Pink show timings in Asian uppal
"tulsirao age 45 f	devikarao 25 f	sanjanarao 23 f"
sir....
i don't get your reminders
sorry it is pickup
but this ticket will be confirm or not ??
pizza hut kidhar hau
of final
npw which team batting
of trichy
where is shyambazar?
hdfc atm near me
royal challengers high scorer
hey who is the man of the series
make these reminders hourly
nearest dominos
Hi  I want some info regarding Motorola service centre
Which are the new malayalam movies
"		i would like to cancel my to-do reminder for everyday at 02:00 pm { reminder_list: 510753, user_id: 1758429, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Near by medical shop
Pnb bank atm
11 th march
cst railway station
Show timing for pink at Konark esquare ..!
plz set my wake up call for 8 am
hey, can you send me regular reminders to drink water 💧 ?{task}
Show me seats for nitesh hub pune for 8:15 show
lenevo mobile service center near lajpat nagar
get me _date_ s match schedule
Hey there, can you help with booking flight tickets
Give me detail of goa express on tomorrow and also with fare
I need beer
i would like to see logan movie
hey wn is the match n _numeral_ or _numeral_
any time online ah bro
no haptik match between mi and dd
you so sweet
what is its price
Nearest restaurant plz
what abt todays game
I need bangkok ticket
recharge has not been successful till now
smartapp telugu customer care number
any idea when is la la land will be screened in india?
Please recharge 655 3g/4g
supplements shop near me
under what circumstances mi can make it to playoffs
wakeup cal
can you please guide me the location of french tailor in new market
are you shilpa with whom i talked some time back?
plz make one reminder for visiting bank for opening of an account at today after one hour
uhohió
india s matches
car mechanic
i said not now
it's fine now
remind me of calling dad
Check train from faridabad to bikaner train timmings
traveller is in gujarat and i am in mumbai, cant take print out
Best hotel is kolhapur
any offers in airtel billing ?
u called me ?
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for thu, 02 march at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 520506-520507-520508-520509-520510-520511-520512-520513-520514, user_id: 1867619, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
do u have any bus booking options
What is the mrp of corona beer in a fl off shop
wat?
put off my daily reminder for medicine
Hey... Where is the Union Bank of India ATM
home delivery
one day delivery?
medicine
will there be super eights this time
hi sakshi - - hw r you - i want to take urs opinion about the pune team in ipl do you think dhoni is working his best or not
they all are coming from there
flight landed ?
Kotak Mahindra bank branch near me
kolkata st  to. rampur hat
Are you confirm sir maharshtra exp arrive at jalgaon right time
12/30/1899
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 621737, user_id: 1042305, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
Find me Indian bank ATM near by
"remind me on 12th march to call	accounts"
can you wake me up at 6.30 am today
what s the current partnership going on
bangalore to chennai cab
Nearby saloon
btao please please response
Need lunch
this price is for 1 person
sorry saif had to cancel the plan..
i want scheduled timetable of ipl
i don't want to book anything for now
How to recharge D2H Videocon
you suggest me a new chinese restaurant
well what i can see is the probability of rcb proceeding for the playoffs is that mumbai indians has to lose its last match and gujarat lions has to lose _numeral_ match out of the two remaining fixtures and delhi daredevils has to lose at least _numeral_ match and must have low scoring games for the next _numeral_ so that its net run rate declines
you are really help me very well
what about england and srilanka match who win
hotels around forti malar hospital, chennai
heya
hey there
Can u find me the nearest gym
srh bowling card i mean
im wait last ... dots
hey.. can u please help me to find out nearest branch of bank of baroda and hdfc???
Information about tatkal tiket
how much games gujarat lions won
you won ipl
mechanic?
every half an hour
jivan super market
airtel gujarat 9998880481 2305/-
hi can you let me know availability of tickets from ltt to bsb for next week in sleeper class
i am hoping to get my noney soon
50% 0ff or 100 rs off?
driver number
can you tell me which is official hash tag by icc for _date_ s match
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 05:00 am { reminder_list: 726742, user_id: 1979234, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Hey ... any nearby gym
what kind of updates scores
tell movies running
that is it for now
Hello can u cancel this reminder
apna cabs number bedu
credit
Any offers on recharge of Vodafone
anjali what is vodafone m-pesa ?
Plz dont call me
no need thanks
please message me the scores
can you provide me the complete scorecard of _date_ s match
where r u shruti
List my upcoming reminders
hows u reshma
ola cabs please
u call there
swiggy deals
Any tickets for majnu telugu movir
what s the number of overs
Will u cancel my remainder plss
21st November flights to singapore from chennai
fast tack watch show room
whatta match
i want gajhi movie in my locality release date
nishant
dress cleaning
please check once more
8 glasses a day
calicut to mumbai ticket only mailed.return ticket also be mailed.
i should bet on one team man
rates
66rs talk time rt?
tomo which teams match is there
Please remove my previous reminder
i am missing the semifinals please update me as soon as the toss is over
at what time bro
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 691446, user_id: 1979247, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Will u pls check for 9th Goa trip
Any Dominos offers
actually i need a cab @8 am
who will win _date_ match chances
Wake me up tom 8 o clock
match time
busstop near me
can i have detail score board of rising pune vs king
thanks saumya
Jio phones 4199 and 90days unlimited free data 4G .
Hi need a carpenter
i tried twice for top up. but it was unsuccessful
recharge channel
what is meant by partially cancelled
I only want a wake up call . Can you make it ??
srry
I want to book a uber cab
i need only driver
if u help me i will prayer for u that u will get merry soon sooòo soon
tomorrow 5 pm einstein tickets book. please remind me
kal ke match ki tickets kitne ki hai
Hi,I received the order
gre
what was virat s score in _date_ s match
me to
anytime :)
hey, can you let me know about the movies on tv today?
9 52
remind about fund transfer at 3
point table ps
wakeup
mrng i m asking that in this ipl dhoni is in which ipl team
who is pm of america
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for everyday at 05:30 am { reminder_list: 583854, user_id: 1929471, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
tiffin services in okalipuram
Theater name and movie
how won
and where the matches are to be played
Map to koyambedu
do we provide bus bookings as well?
oho
but,i thought you as a computer
r u booking?
done thanku
why did kolkata knight rider not qualify in _numeral_
pay my post paid billss
I want to knw the price of the train delhi to vaishno devi
can i board from dadar?
next clashes in ipl _date_
what abt 50% cashback
Want Ola or Uber
remind me to call patient named padmini on saturday at 11am
Listen I don't want to watch a movie but can you get me coldplay tickets
kittu unnadu jagratha
its near urban foundry only
club type bar in viviana mall
bye bye
oh cool we won
_date_ ipl schedule
can u send me my confome ticket
thanks a lot :-)
gn.. :)
show chepeast fight
will let you know vikas
number of guests 2
Need to order a cake
who has qualified for finals
order
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sun, 05 march at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 722520-722521-722522-722523-722524-722525-722526-722527-722528, user_id: 1985775, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
ur good name plz
thanks done
can u stop my calling request of daily at 7 am
dnd, now
can you please find me the nearest metro station
you're such a great help
which team is tbc
Can you send me pind Baluchi restaurant pictures
what are you doing?
hey can you give me scorecard of _date_ s match
maharaja signal koramangala 4th block
i asked you playing _numeral_ the team squad not the score
where is match _date_
Is it possible to change the date in that flight?
i want an jio sim
m chanakya 29
any discount offer
u too dear
ipl _numeral_ emaining matches
alright that one is showing in google maps already thanks
Urology center
pls tell me seats available in train from pune to nagda
i want to know when baba ram dev yoga show timing and channels
apko bhi
delete my all reminder please
Pizza
give me notifications
bhubaneswar timing ?
can u suggest me some movies
muje janna tha 26/11 hamla hua to aap kaha the
and timings
wen is da final match
rs 75 cash back not recd
remind me to talk to you.. wen u back online
remind me inthe day times
right now
andrea bank
show me the rcb squad right now
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 07:15 pm { reminder_list: 713123, user_id: 1983828, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
singam 3
yes will work but need overs too
gl v mi
i want cheapest anyway thankyou!
i want to go secundrabad to tandur
which station crossed
"		i want to know availability and fare in ac 3 tier (3a) in train number 12760{product_id:12760_hyb_mas,api_name:trains_api}"
please cancel ticket
Call me and wake me up in an hour
give me the score of rcb vs shb
hi babe
book only one ticket
when kannada movie rajakumar is releasing?
any driver on rent ???
present team of rcb
so kolkata may win
what s about india
Can you please tell me the cheap fare for Goa to Mumbai
thank you so much
dont proceed with this
ji boliye
i am discussing with my 2 other buddies..
hi what is the score
Released movie
yeah sure
what hapoen about rps and punjab match
Activate Dnd
h r u
which is the latest movie
Wake me up on time
i want to watch a ultimate place near by me
wats knight rider s
hmmmm
kaise ho
he canceled the ride
who is gautam gambhir
can you provide me the current team rankings
lol
kalka
gtl to knw
lower price tickets
chinnaveadampatti
its an restro lange
i need tine
zomato offers
i had booked a cab  yesterday
are you sure because on newspaper they have mentioned our next match is on _date_ and other one on _date_
can u remind me with a call
Check out flight from Indore to jabalpur on 29Oct
"no 	that is fine	the website is not secure to pay the bill online.	anyways thanks for your time	cheers 😃"
gaaji
please delet previous one scheduled....
i will book it later
is there any reward point for this transaction
Nashik to kalyan train
lagoon
oh..i c
thatz closd
is there any offer on paying electricity bill
as per flight timing
remonder will be 8:00am
i'm k
what about pravin kumar in this season for performance
y not refund afflicable
please check sleeper bus to goa
wake me at 2:59
is there any promo code?
ever morning
Morning flights
can you give scoreboard of rcb vs gj in ipl match
2808508245
pls ignore
for*
mettupalayam to coimbatore train running status
giving medecine
remind me tomorrow for flat visit
yea sorry 2 pm
Check ticket for 26 th available for Baroda mumbai baroda express
no,actually we are opening a stall in jecrc college as a event for 1 day on 7 march so we want some sponsors in jaipur so that we promote them and also fulfill our basic requirements of stall
is there an ios version of ur app
sorry.. i will text u later
no i don't need to cancel it
"no	i want to know used bike showrooms"
mujhe trip packages walo ka number chahiye ?
thank u so much mellisa
can u tell me  the lowest fare for the flights next week from hyderabad to delhi
any events
hanji
gidc khadwada ahemdabad
Meeting with Sanjiv on 25 the September at 8am
i dont get to knw about ur reminders
my offers on mumbai old are or uber rides?
find me details for this hotel
time: 2 24 pm
not medical story e
is _date_ s match at _time_ or already on
what about other semi final match
hi malavika cab driver has picked
no i am using prepaid
what benefit/discount
which movie is best now in tamil
iwant train timings from kadur to tumkur
cancel all my reminder
How to recharge
_date_ what match is there
Any pizza hut offer's ?
ok waiting
ok book the cab
Hey, can you find me the cheapest flights available?{banner}
in p.road
Want to order kadhai chicken home delivery
have booked it
night ki train chahiye.. 2& 3 march
How to reach sikkim ?
kal match koun jitega
Baraut to dehli trains now
could you please let me know nearby photo studio
i dranked
thanks a lot vanisha.
can you check on which platform train no. 12248 will come?
can we talk
9989235469
i mean can you let me know the details of the branches of indian bank in hyderabad and secunderabad, by tonight?
Can u tel me package for pune to Goa ?
plz give
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sun, 05 march at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 718741-718742-718743-718744-718745-718746-718747-718748-718749-718750, user_id: 1948721, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
okay can you send me point table
bangle stores
i want to watch the highlights of mi vs rcb
hey shilpa
Hi, I want to buy stocks in share market. Can you help me?
i want to know the probable playing elevan of rpsg for _date_
and in how much balls
what happened??
any restaurant delivery in bankra
train number 2318
best Hollywood action movie,
get me the list of oll the trains for today from ahmedabad to ankleshwar
are they open
please cancel my reminder call to 9'o clock
"reminder to drink water	day: everyday"
are u an robot or human
abhi tak ki update
proceed with the booking
snapdeal customers number
dont
want to change my  time
can you let me know any bar near vadapalani?
"		i would like to cancel my `wish varma happy birthday!` reminder for mon, 06 march at 11:45 am { reminder_list: 714699, user_id: 1057282, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
rec
can you tell me the scorecard
all the information of recent inings
Hotel in noida
Nearby by ATM's
Can you find me a hotel in delhi for 2nd December to 5 December for 2 adults close to hauz khaz village
park near my place
every 5 minutes
theatre
can you able to deliver food from nagavara to ramamurthy nagar ?
what about discount
want to enroll for jio prime membership.
okay..i'll definitely utilise this as well within 2-3 days
don't need a cab
aur bhai kaise
Can you do the recharge of rs 50 on same number
sanganer to jaipur station
tqsm.
Remind me tmrw mrng 7.45 to book train ticket
Nandigram express date 02/11/16
i want to wakeup tmrw mrng
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 685864, user_id: 1978136, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
May I know reliance digital store near thiruvanmiyur railway station & near Sri Sainagar, thorraipakkam
remainder call to murugan
From tomorrow till 29th september call me everyday to get a haircut
i want more
_date_ teams manual
Hiiieee varnikaa cn u plz se a reminder, to call Shadab Raza on 5/10/2016
Hi look for train ticket availability from Bangalore to Tiruppur coming Saturday
hey wake me tomorrow at 8
i need a bike mechanic to service in my location
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 704226, user_id: 1958251, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i would like to view more reminders. { user_id: 1651614, offset: 5, api_name: exotel }
hii i want to know the location of
do do you have your breakfast
The electrician has not come
in d mnth of april
Indigo is better
update me the scores of rcb match
can u tell me the closest redbud pickup from bangalore airport
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 671383, user_id: 1973168, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
hope you have mailed the tickets too..
should i keep my mobile data on for these alerts?
i want to travel for rajivnagar
mumbai to banaras
wl on 10 april or current
add the birthday of 29 july
Acer service center in Dombivali
Find me train
Wanted bus routes from Mysore railway station to rajendra NAGAR in mysore
New Delhi se Vaishno Devi - train ticket required. Coming Saturday.
how many rus did rohit make
who will win banglore
sorry i want to order chicken fried rice
i just want to confirm that is it my payment has success or not
vs pakisthan
custom reminder
who is on crease right now
drinking water is must
hai ankita
top _numeral_ batsman score highest run in ipl
hi ipl ki point table bhajna
please check me on 15th have any train available on egmore to pugalur
ho*
one more thing i want to know
kon out hua h
Remind me to attend the wedding reception on Shankar son on 11.10.2016 at 7 pm
Jhelam  express  ki
flights rate from pune to nagpur
will i get complimentary food for d corporate tickets for _date_ s rcb match
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 05:10 am { reminder_list: 469641, user_id: 1865279, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i have her debit card number
To book tickets in bus Salem to poonamella
ajmer
from tumkur to bangalore. .
your information is not satisfactory
i want reminder
no, nothing right now
around 8 am
okay can you send me the score after every half hour
sab ko saath me milega na seat.
western union nearby
hii sakshi
Bus timings to trivandrum today
can you tell me the score of ongoing match
what is the payment gateway to pay mobile bill
whose matches are _date_
What are deals for lunch today?
Sbi?
Beer bar
Tell me the movies in cinema in Ludhiana
sorry i need
how to rampurhat.  12/03/17
hyderabad to mumbai trains list
no thanks now
actual 🎫 price after cashbook n which flight
near by neelam chock
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 705660, user_id: 1982021, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
1 room, I have 3 kids
i dont need any insurance i need to get repair done thats it
i would like to goahead with ticket from varanasi to hyderabad on 27th june 10am spicejet flight
Vegetarian food only
_date_ team
u to tc😊
Can you book a table for me
3rd mrch to 7th mrch
yes i don't like your name
hey what s the score of _date_ s match
Kakinada to secunderbad how many trains today timeing
which you have sent is wrong table
Provide me with ticket availability for bhopal express
night dekivery?
Room availability status at hotel grand mumbai
don't get up me early...
no. already done
coupon expired
and what overs and bats man
Please send me hotel RAMDEV contact no belgaum
ok no problem, thanks for the route map
no we need tkt for tmorrow
Releince store
match details _date_
Hey i want to order Manchurian
Give me vishakhapatnam bus station number
i didnt get my order
is there any second hand two wheeler shops nearby?
no limit
hi who own the match on sunday between rps and mi
Best data plans
who won the toos and choose
but bad luck for rcb team
2 are senior citizens
good morning....i want to get a train on 20th of may from aluva to brahampur sleeper for one adult
what about bangladesh vs newzi
Any offers for tatadocomo talk time recharge
ipl _date_
Hi could u help me with cabs
do you think india has a chance
Do we have any Tamil movies in screen
it is already 9
reply if you can answer
how can i know my active tariff plan details in tata docomo prepaid
kya mai send karu aapko
Warer reminder
Whthr dominos available in this area
ahamadabad to delhi
Nearest Mall
i want offer on traims
i'm sorry to left
kittu gaadu unaadu jagratha movie...which theatre
it's very important.. don't forget to remind
stop
Want to book flight tickets to goa in jan 2017
hao
Biryani
junk food at 6 am in delhi
still not got confirmation for airtel
thanku so much
jio prime membership
👖🐅🐅
Plz chek is there any seat available from kld to bnz in intercity tomorrow
order with 200 max
kuch khas nahi
its bad review only 3 star rating
hii neha
any reviews for who will won _date_
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 716948, user_id: 1984500, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can i tell me how much remain from _date_
Tourist places in karkala
i want sbi
card
thnq..tc
okay thank you vikas for give updates
i got a call
sorry ..
hi madam
just asking who you gon na want to see in finals
laptop
"cn u tell me 	where is brainvire company"
9:30 pm call shdi biryani
_date_ s schedule of t _numeral_ world cup
i want 2 tickets (day pass) for ind vs aus 2nd test match in bangaluru
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 08:00 pm { reminder_list: 674606, user_id: 1968124, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want to book tickets for 2person
dth sir
daily wake up me on this time
give list of coming stations
daliy 9am
who will win the match can you predict
writing
make my reminder of 06/mar/17
where is airtel gallery
from tirupathi to hyderabad on 8th march ..2 adults 1 infant having 1 month age
thank you guys .... for your alerts...
can u ask me with the details
need to know the last date
I wana see the show timings of movie bar bar dekho for saturday 10 september
What is the fare??
bms coupon code
will contact them soon
match tickey
hey wt is d status of
send me festival list of this year
Kochi to banglore flight for today plz
who was the _numeral_ wicket
available
who do you think will score runs _date_
what is the offer
anytime during the day
i want to order from pakwan
Any HDFC Bank in balanagar hyd
tatkal?
is there any match in bangalore
cn u stop the reminder of water
i need the nearby cafe coffee day venue around tiruvanmyur
Yes I will be going mumbai for 2 days. Pl tell me more about hotel booking deals.
Can you tell me the nearest Indian Overseas Bank ATM
same to u bro
Hey, need a carpenter
can u plz stop this conversation .....and so i m go to sleep😂
please update movie running at liluah inox nd rangoli inox
what a match that was
hi is there any coupon codes or cash back offers available??
surnur se jo sabri exp chalti hai uska time kiya hai
sand _numeral_ mb
who holds the purple cap
gudnyt bye
train no . 11034 till date.
Are you booking the tickets through bookmyshow?
Mumbai to kochi
fortune acron regina
2nd Nov return tickets from Jaipur to Mum bai
yes
i need u 2 find jio digital office near by
yes can u check cab for me
aaj to aapko rashtrbhasha se sammanit kiya jana chahiye
wat was the last match score
i need food
thanks naresh
btao
but you will not be assisting me always .
within 3 month
lko to delhi
I want 2 seat today sl class bidar
wanna book bus ticket
Reminder me 20nd feb every hear thats my friend Anurag's birthday
how do i check the airtel data balance ?
remind me to get ready for nikhil at 10:40
return
u r always help me more than my friends
same as previous
running status for annanya express,
i had set an reminder for drinking water
Can you get me china hot pot's menu?
diamond water park road lohgaon pune
what if i  go for return trip
beauty and the beast
hi can u find here in massage parlour
Hdfc bank ATM?
score of guitar lions
can u tell me if member increase the restaurant can arrange.
tomorrow union bank of india's daryaganj branch will be open as working day or not?
yr live score
sampark
New releases film
need a good restaurant
Can u Give me the PNR status for my journey today evening...
don't miss
rajkot
hey bro any offer today
sweet heart how are you ?
ipl schedule for remaining matches
our team tried calling you what is this y u want to call me
Nearby hotels
do we hv any match _date_
need a cab for mahatma gandhi hospital
or tomorrow morning conference remind me by 9 o'clock
remind me to check amazon at 11:55a
can you help me in booking tickets for final
Can u list down the movies that will be on raghulila mall at vashi new mumbai
hve not been credited with 75 cash back
?
Chennai Central to hyderabad
could u show near sbi atms
jalandhar to chandigarh bus
Didnt i ask u to cancel all the alarms
i  want to know nearest canara bank atm
ketla run thaya
akash hai
can i get the number of charpai
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 07:00 am { reminder_list: 726676, user_id: 1986699, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Room rent
8.     in bill payment
Also give a reminder to call Harshal on 5:25 am
hell9
i asked for malad infinity mall
music class
which player recently out
i am searching for a 2 bhk flat in gurgaon
No need to remember or call me
whene is the ipl final
canara bank atm
Yeah!! Please check it in sleeper class also!! In tatkal only
Check fr bus from durgapur to Calcutta now
speed of ball
tom
can i know about movie sargi
i have shifted somewhere else
can i get the updates
7788072206
how can i set reminder for to attend friend marriage
There is a Malaysian Airways flight from Kuala Lumpur scheduled to land shortly. I m not sure if it's schedule time is 22.45 or 23.45 hours. Possible to tell me which one?
k...no...
can you tell me da awards for best players in vivo ipl _numeral_
pune station road map
phase 2
jamshedpur
hi, i'm interested in watching kung fu yoga. {movie_name:kung fu yoga}{task}
alappuzha to bockaro
no money in atm
nope..
morning good morning
Train tickets
whr is the list?
plz cancel my reminder
astrology fees
ronak
no thnx
U find out seat,couch number
can you update _date_ s ipl match
Any offer on Vodafone recharge
hey, i've requested for a refund on flight cancelation for airasia with booking id ynzfya from guwahati to new delhi on the 7th at 8:50, flight no. i5- 789
when will pune out off the series i mean how many matches will play
13th ka bhi 5648 hai na
very good work
12556 gorkhdam exp.
who win t _numeral_ the match
Yeah, are there any flight deals for what we have discussed
telugu pictures
Could you please send the routeing of the hyderabad to ajmer train and time table also
whats is the status of kings xi punjab in point table
i mean playrs prfomnce in last match
any offer on movie ticket booking?
give accounts to manav reminder everday at 6:00 pm and 9:00pm
i need to repair my samsung tv
how many charges
i want a white wash worker
it's vodafone
between rps and gl
any update about the match
when is rcb s _date_ match going to be
Check my PNR status
please schedule a reminder at 10 pm today to take medicine.
hey can u book a cab for me?
tell me speech of retirement of watson
I am not getting reminder alarm on my phone
will u please tell me the places where we can print photos on wooden frame
i need a gas repairer
thank you very much
how many runs brendon mcclum made
Hey plz send me the nearest reliance store location
let me know how much money are left in my wallet
please close all the reminders
I need to get my bike moved from Indore to Pune
i said i need sbi atm??
remind me at 1 that I have to make points on each topic of planner of tomorrow's paper
match has got over
send me all team players in ipl
next
Naerby ATM
woo super
Can u give me mobile no of cinepolis cimandheri west
logan 3
is there any food delivery facilitaties in hospet
for the first one
dhoni is at
one more i guess
damohnaka  jabalpur mp
k93427326 dtdc
haunted
hey sorry it's not 3 am
which airline
mazgaon mumbai
like voice command
I don't want any water reminder now
i want to cancel 1 more
I want to order from The Hangout Pizza Hub.{ids: 4555021-2-17808531-thehangoutpizzahub} {carousel_cta}
can u book ticket in s2
dance bar
i was checking for duronto
indigo or go??
gulbarga
running status of today
i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 12863{product_id:12863_hwh_vskp,api_name:trains_api}
okay please send me upda in every _numeral_ min if you can
where is haptik located?
i have a bill of 645
Can u find me a nearby Apple store
wud you update me after every over if possible
okha express
naa it's ok thanks for your help
hi washim ,i want to know about best psycologists in bokaro steel city.
Suggest me good movies
sagar please answer
Any other lounge near dadar
lets see
regarding the gyser fixing. i have not received any call yet
recharge offer
"thanjavur to chennai egmore	05/03/17 night one berth"
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sat, 04 march at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 707656-707657-707658-707659-707660-707661-707662-707663-707664-707665-707666-707667, user_id: 1982483, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
aap visa k bare me information digiye
city union bank
i want to recharge my dth .please share me some coupon code
ok. one more help i need gym services near me along with prices
remind me at 9:00 pm today
i dont know the train no
tell me something
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 702204, user_id: 1981388, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Hey thanks haptik you saved me by your fantastic reminder
ua sure itz air arabia rit..
i ll book next time
have any offers
but too costly
which reminder have at 11.30?
after how many no balls bowler gets warning
How much is d ticket cosr
What is the running status of train no 15484
that's all..for now...thank sir...
can i recharge mts data card
use
in food
kal
change it to 9 a.m. plz
mi vs kkr scoreboard
Maggie recipe
thanks for the compliment ankita
i need car ac repair near punjagutta hyderabad
get lost and don't send me messages like this again
If I want to book restaurant table. What should I do?
vasai east
but.amount went
"		i would like to cancel my call aunty for eq reminder for mon, 06 march at 10:14 pm { reminder_list: 720929, user_id: 1960739, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
how many matches are chased and how many are defended in this ipl season
i am khandeshwar, navi mumbai
we may have more passengers
no thanx
matunga show morning timing
Please check out which movies are there in ragini multiplex
samsung show room near me.
whats the playing _numeral_
i already send to you
call raviji at 11.15 am tommorw
please send the update
osmanabad
any offer with you
g morning
tell me the schedule of _date_ s ipl matches
i need to know about hotels ,nearby sitarganj .
goa to del
can u find me gud resorts in alibaug....
20th april
haa bt sir qualify bh toh honi chahiye
Mujhe 22 sep ko gaya  se jaipur jana h to kya koi v train me 2 seat available h kya
narsapur-hyderabad,02-03-2017
yes can i pls help  atm
yeah thank you
tickets are available
send me promo code
let you know latet
Would like to get reminded to call jetairways this evening at 8-15 pm.
596721
thanx allot
india for sure
Search me cruises to travel from Chennai or Cochin to Maldives or colombo
tanduri
you people have a new fan.. have a good day.. 👍
hamko job chayia tha
pls check for ac services
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 710460, user_id: 1983385, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
nt now
hi can you update me with live scores please
review of it
I want to know train no 12841 coromandal express is leaving from Howrah stn or santragachi station. I have a journey tkt for 12.09.16.  Pls let me know if the train is rechedued.
pizza hut offers
Courier service near by
i want to travel from pune to gorakhpur
Any hdfc?
make a trip of 7 days for chandigarh around 300 km
cupboard
3rd march 2.30 pm
i need a plumber urgent
Which hotel
Ok. Tomm 1 st day 1 show at Cubic mall, Chembur ? 6 tickets. How much would it cost
tellme who wins
Is home delivery available in my location?
how about my payment
❤
D2h Recharge offers
Is ther any CCD in gopalan innovation mall
don't not irritate me
aap rat ko sote nhi kya mam
can you please share me points table
no offer for electricity bill payment ?
reminder to call sonisaheb on 4th march 4.00 pm
i also want another reminder for face wash and nail rubbing exercise at 10 am and 11.45 pm everyday
i would like to cancel my wake up call for wed, 01 march at 04:30 pm { reminder_list: 604103, user_id: 1413102, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
Could you find me some hookah parlour near me
indrayini express
stop water reminder
computer calls me not you
What's the best vodafone prepaid plan
Need food delivery from alibhaba
The geyser issue solved, Bajaj engineer visited. Thanks
i m talking about delhi daredavils maych
what do you think which team will win _date_
which all teams in semks
i wanna go to bangalore.... from mysorr
how much did gayle made in this match and in how many balls
Hi Chinmay, can u plz find me an electrician
keep sending updates
i didn't not got my recharge
i just came back to my city.
are there any offers
who are they
maruthi authorized service station in annanagar
bot
how to cancel one remainder
live point tebal
I want to knw this app will provide only reminder not directly wish through msg or miss call
internet pack
my upcoming meetings
cool.....
gl vs
tu such me insan hai kya
want to pay bill😊
not ac
eee
Thank you for this. I will get back by tonight to book the hotel
can i cancel the order
meenakshi ji mera recharge kyun nhi ho rha h kai bar try kar lita
pm. today
i want deltin
Dominos pizza nearby
what do think who will win _date_
Cuisine is good
anyone is there to help me out.??
i want to know cost of ticket
who won _date_ s match between pune and hyderabad
Any restaurant like my bar in jangpura extension or in lajpat nagar
Rental house 1Bhk
_numeral_ match details
i wanted a favour
is this enough gaurav
hollywood movie logan release date
bajaj 2 wheeler service center
with whom is mumbai indians next match
kitna over
yes to follow schedule made by me
We need a taxi from Lucknow to Kanpur
Remind me to change blades on November 1st
MakeMyTrip coupon code for flight tickets
can you please remind me to take sand while going to shimoga
m i lying ?
cool i m watching the game
good evening brother
how much km for wonderla from bangalore
it should be free i think
at motera
thanks prince
Want to send courier rates from Chandigarh to mumbai
Activate dnd
In 2nd AC
7.5
no idea
but i have searched it more cheaper than u
12071 Jan shatabdi
do you also provide booking for rail
logan tamil
hi who won _date_ s match
thank you friend
krishak exp
Hi I want tempo driver's number in andheri west to deliver my cupboard to santacruz east?
i dont get it.. do you work for haptik?
hey some mistakes
let me know if any cashback offers are available
Where is the Nokia service center in panaji
wake me up at 8:40 on 022 65202508
is there any taxi service
Please turn off this reminder
Iphone 7 cost in canada inclusive of all taxes...
can you please tell me the nearest gym
please update me the match results
Any rasta cafe nearby
can you book ticket for me
name pmk
Mi marathi
thank i
are u employee for this app
could u tel me the cheapest air ticket from delhi to houston on 18 sep and 20sep
can i get a deep bathroom cleaning service
can you tel me who is the owner of 7666422388
who is gon na win the match to night
cinemas?
what's ur name
can you help me with the schedule till next sunday please
let s see _date_ match
_date_ s rcb match scorecard please
pnr - 8256863402
Muzaffarnagar to New Delhi to express train
any anothers
i dont know
nd batsmans runs and scoreboard
recharge coupon
thank you mam
Can u also book tickets for me
Mumbai to jammu train
pak score
show me updated score in every _numeral_ minutes
Need cheapest hotels in Goa with pool n beach view in low rate for Oct 10
kolkata to chennai
any offer on trains
just schedule
good evening bro
nellore
my recharge not yet been paid to vodafon
please send secor sir
need someone today
when in india s next match
atm for uco bank nearby
receipt required
please send it to me right now it's urgent
nearest state bank atm
Can u wish .my bro .having birthday today..
top five bowler table
can you help me to find
What are the rates of non AC buses in night
will u book from paytm?
please remove this task
which r stations between
hii mayur
i need 12801
okay koi baat nhi
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 05:56 am { reminder_list: 721656, user_id: 1984839, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
prices are higher. would like to wait.
please remind me about today's schedule
_date_ kkr match scores please
narsaraopet
hi.. happy non...
kindly let me know if their any offer regarding mobile recharge
is it possible to get yearly contract with urbanclap only for purifier services?
can u help on that
thanks for ur reminders.  i've been so helpful to me
is there any cashback offers on train tickets booking
who will win this season
andaman train position
and don't think i'm interested 😜
can u show me union bank atm....?
yes thanx
i didn't got the confirmation message
expenses statement
okay also give me the updates of the match every _numeral_ minutes _date_
So my check in date will be 14 October. 2 people. And I am very interested in going to tungnath.
mere no . par cash back offer hai kiya sir
any other discount on citi bank card?
what a run
Do i get tickets for 5:30 train
Could you check the cheapest flight tickets from Delhi to Kolkata for 12 oct
playoff schedules
ya the complete bill i am making
thanks for yesterday
who will win _date_ and why
ohh sorry
after the match
Hey plz search cheapest flight for 23rd Dec from Delhi to Imphal
i want which film in that theater
The menu does not have pizza
set another reminder {type: birthday}
but what about concession
tell any medical stoers nearby ?
just check the services
Near by Philips service centre
nothing i shall let you know if any
lights shop
luking for cheapest flight from patna to pune
i cant understand
next upcoming english movies
_date_ s ipl stats
which team will played in bangalore with day
can u pls check
Need a latest promo or coupon code for Paytm or Freecharge with cash back offers.
tambaram to vridhachalam
ntng thk u
was good
how does this work?
kosi ti delhi train tonight
thank you. wish you the same 🙂
i need best price massage store
visakhapatnam andhapradesh
Best food outings at Hyderabad
its ok..
Journey hours from Bangalore to mumbai by train...??
how long
Please stop reminders
Could u please find out union bank near by me
😶
saidapet railway station to jafferkhanpet
I want you to cancel wake up calls for 7:00 am from tomorrow
apologies
I need a burger king near Chatrapati Shivaji airport mumbai
will d call come only wen d internet is on?
wash my face
5
Did I just speak with you in reminder
i want icecream
Any deal for dominos
bfor   2 pm today
i want to repair my timex expedition watch
score card of rcb please
status?
100% cash is there????
kaisi hai pooja ji
i told above
i need you to book me a ticket for the next rcb match
waiy
can you please check any train available on these dates
daniel thank you so much
can you do that in every _numeral_ minutes
can i book tickets for wankhede
can i know the live matches of natwest series schedule in india
sorry am asking for bus booking offers
call me 6 am today
sorry wrong click
help me for pest control
Mumbai to pune volvo bus
i want to book train
22691 train no. Running status for jhansi
are you real?
let me know who won _date_ s match
any other restaurants
kindly book the hotel i inquired about yesterday
tat was great!
so u can close that request
20 march to 23 march
100 notes which atm
i need an electrician
i want to know the outlet
Pnb bank nearby
I want to book a table for a small party of 15 people on Saturday night
16 or 17 it's flexible. need better prices
great ncan you tell me the detail scorechart please
there aren't movie timings updated
Hi can u chk any tickets are available fr tomorrow night's train fr chennai
can you send me ipl full timetable
1 ticket
hey gud morning
will you always available for me to assistance
score of kkr
i want to fly from blore to patna
Hi any offer on movie tickets
afternoon
how many time it will take?
hmm oki tq
i want to eat pizza can you order for me
u sent me a coupon code but it says the code is expired
i just need one call
archana can u help me out
3cig 1ginger 1mentos
i would like to cancel my wake up call for wed, 01 march at 05:15 am { reminder_list: 665196, user_id: 1467341, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
which wallet?
give me the live score of mumbai indians vs kolkata knight riders
Hi. I need to activate DND on my alternate numbers
what is the offer for flight booking
keep me updated after every _numeral_ _numeral_ hr
Suicide squad
any offers for pizza today?
not now... thanks for reminding me
heu
are tickets available for the movie logan ?
how many matches mi won
call krke check kro plz
movie offers?
Can you please tell me all info about train jaipur to shri ganganagar all train timing fare
hope cab booked as requested yesterday
reminders
i can pay landline bill too.
_date_ ka match kaun jeeta
thx i will use it
i dont know who cares about me?? but haptik always..😀 thank you ....
i thot she will assist me always
chek my location
Spot the train 12721
shonai 6:30pm today
i would definitely choose your service if you provide for next billing
No trains??
Mumbai to Calgary to Newyork to Chicago to Dallas to Mumbai
Call me also for reminder
so... what is prime 99?
can pune qualify for the play off
on which channel in india it is streaming live
Hi there!! I want to know the cheapest airfare from New Delhi to Bangkok for march 2017
now stop reminding me
i need the team player n names playing _date_
you should be more specific which team is batting
any offers for me
hi, i want to see restaurants around me.{task}
send me contact number of electrician
I did not receive any calls for today's alarm
i will snd u latter im outside
sunday's all schedule cancel
okok
mumbai to nagpur flight tickets rates
okay tell all over ji
lko to anpra
air ticket please
I have a day's work in Bangalore on this 15th September.  I will be needing a taxi for the day from airport to airport. Could you suggest a taxi service with rates please.
walled add
Planning to travel Delhi in 3 October
I want to know the branches of state bank of India nearby me
mys to atp train tickets
i need 1 kg special laddo..
okz
what is the estimate fare
resturant dilivery1
thanks..gm hnd
hello hardik
Grilled chicken hotels
wow eagerly waiting fr match to start
kol 3 times
any coupan code pn orctc?
which is the next matches played in cricket
keep on sharing the score
can you help me with train booking
Plz stop reminder for drinkng water
530am
can you keep a track of my sleep hours ??
actually i want to know the movie names which all r getting released this weekend
Is there any local train available to go to wardha from Nagpur at morning time
can u send coupon for bill payment
kindly remove all my reminders n to do lists
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 699025, user_id: 1980942, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
I want to go Bangalore after 1month I want to check train status
boring...
i have filled up the form
remind me about a meeting with ar fahad kaloor at 2.30pm
I want to book a self drive car for 24 hours
i want squad of all teams of ipl
sure gd nt
i need a favour
I need to book a flight ticket for maldives
m looking for a homeopathic store
need bus from cbe to trichy
i am an existing customer of uber will i still get 20% cash back?
pls book a cab to sitha circle,girinagar
wn is semi finals
onward date - 02 march
1 seat
wake me up by 4:30pm today
why no cashback
Cinema tickets at sathyam
Hey...is dere any...pastry delivery stores available
Which ticket
it's done ?
check for yesterday
caps
Which theatres feature this movie in Chennai?
Any star hotel around Sabarimala
sorry 6-30 pm
Can we stop this reminder now
sorry.. don't match my ofc timing.
i didn't ask for tickets
See again I didn't get the reminder
can you share me the points table
and the one between mumbai and hyderabad
food delivery
what's the deal
Whats the best recharge for relince
wat was result of last match
want to know about bus service from ajmer to agra
trying since 2 days fr postpaid payment
u r so lazy man
could you please tell me the score for the last match against kkr individual scores of virats and ab
What are the prevailing deals on flight tickets???
yaah
train250?
Can you plz cancel the order?
i called the professional
book 2 room
Can u tell me d availability f 3tier ac f west coast frm calicut on 20th to erode?
Can you check the distance between khammam and Vijayawada
Pune to patna one reservation ticket require in 13 September
anyone there to help me out,m
i want to know availability and fare in ac 3 tier (3a) in train number 22911{product_id:22911_indb_hwh,api_name:trains_api}
reply
can u just check what's the age limit for entry into canvas laugh club,lower parel?
any wicket down
Cheapest Hotel rooms around Baner pune
book a ticket for world tour
I need online seat allotment in indigo for my flight tomorrow
ok show me kamasutra
k let it be now gn take care
Can you tell me the nearest bike accessories shop
t _numeral_ ticket are available for _numeral_ march
wake up call at 9 am
hi, i'm interested in watching wolverine 3 logan. {movie_name:wolverine 3 logan}{task}
how far is zorabian chicken sv road santa cruz frm santa cruz station
but what about the second match
what is gangstar
oh..u said discount..ok..what is in food combo?
any offers for one ticket
thank you mayur !
i need a.c. service... can u please transfer to home services?
can you tell me the platform no
is yuvraj gon na play _date_
kuch yojna hoti hai
aurngabad to nanded
the last air tkt sent to me ccu-delhi is from haptik and not from goibibo.
united bank of india atm
i need a call remainder
Hey !..please remind me for my AIMCAT test on 5th September
thank u for updates
i want to pay by card
possible h???
"date: march 5, 2017	time: 9 40 pm"
Have to take my laptop
Get me AC service guy
23 rd april and return 30 the april
i want _numeral_ days match schedules
Yeah my client booked my flight ticket thank you
Need details about flights from New Delhi to Bhubaneswar
i thought i can reach my destination for 200 rs
shilpa garu thank you
Please cancel the reminder for water
hello hi gd mg
I want a carpenter
hi sexy
can i book with my haptik wallet ?
i want medplus
hey ankita.. my location is d28, sector 15, noida
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 11:09 pm { reminder_list: 607936, user_id: 1941763, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
is there any offers in mobile bill pay
please send me ipl point table
lowest  price tickets
i want a bus for 40 people from cst to mumbai central
remind me tomorrow at 6 pm to charge iphone 5s
what happened kevin p
r u allryt ..?
i told u already. please see previous chats
palam colony
your app is the most unconventional and useful app right now
kya aap bta saktey ho pune sey dehradun k liye bhi koi flight jati h..
Mi store nearby
k thanks
hii..tell me movies running in villupuram
Asus service center
want to go for ghazi attack
address of tiger trail?
can you send top _numeral_ batsman of all formats
need food
frst i wld lyk to knw d fare estimate
how much ???
I want a hotel
thanks & goodnight
from metapalyam to udagmandalm on 15th march
i want to cancel the electrician booking
hi sneha can you please fine me a sports shop in dilshuknagar
Do 2 tickets for me
Savitha
b grade
kitne over rehte
monday morning at 11am - vat certificate , 2pan card copies attested by bank, 2aadhar card copies , all bank statements of neeta r shah! dsc form signed and attested !
where ur company location monica?
and who r the current orange cap holder
can you send me match highlight video
i am in paramathi velur
bike insurance
i want to know a route
can you plan a tour
thank you for information
pediatrician in kanpur
pl check whether yesterday's payment has been paid to airtel.. bcz i have not yet received confirmation message for it. received again the bill details for payment
its ok.thank you.
i want to know abt the records of the ground
When is parched releasing?
Need new battery for my Micromax unite 2 (a106)
this one is closed
how to book tikts for semifinals
11028 ये गाडी खडकी स्टेशन पर रुकती है कया
reshma ji
will you book ticket from your end ?
looking for biryani
in belgaum
good night sweet dream
i want aquaguard fitting man in my location
ha i good evening
_date_ kon jeetega bro
care???
telugu
can you guys call to remind for drinking water?
Sex bp movies
sorry cancel my mood
how can i know my idea no.
no cashback if it's below 100/-
but i didn't save my card in uber
gud evng
check in another date
can you tell me please _date_ the match is happening or not if yes then tell me teams name
want some info
coupons??
k dear
very good afternoon
Pune maharashtra express timings for today
Ok. Set reminder..
who got the most runs
i would like book a restaurant for two people tonight
no i got another plane ..any other way?
u response on therethai is only specific
cool thanks!
please generate the link to purchase the nearbuy deal
do n t update me from now on nbecause i m watching it
bisleri compound sakinaka
hardik
okkk thankss
i just have one query like tomorrow 2:30 am i want to book a cab
how daily liters of water will take daily
home delivery  ?
Can you please tell me the fair for the above
Seat availability for tomorrow in Pragati Express from Pune to Panvel - class 2s
on this time
yesterdat match scorecard please
no...thanks
I'd requested fir removers every two days about flights
no...thank u
i want to go for iskon
can you list out my last year birthday reminders of april month ?
from cochin to chennai
sir muje sikhao kya karna he
nearby pizza
Any other PNB ATM nearby
which team won in night match
please help to book one more ticket
Can you locate lounge, restaurants and bars near indirapuram and vaishali location
wre s d match bdw
https://www.nearbuy.com/offer/mumbai/andheri-west-mumbai/hard-rock-caf-26163/26163
hi, i'm interested in watching dangal. {movie_name:dangal}{task}
delhi to amritsar train
25vth apri
is their any offer
not going anywhere. changed my mind. anyways you guys doing great stuff! 😉
is my cab ready ?
upper birth
Chocolate dosa
yes deepesh
Book tickets for pink
i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 07:45 am { reminder_list: 379105, user_id: 1495369, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
thanks ankita. there's nothing i need reminder for right now
with icici credit card
i m not getting the notification exactly after one hour
3 adults hotel veeniola for 1 night
Hi can u tell me nearest branch ? bank of broda at Gurgaon bus stand
ac furring
delhi to bombay ticket
when s next rcb match
can you tel me the chinnaswmay stadium contact number
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 12976{product_id:12976_kota_ngp,api_name:trains_api}"
i will only go not come
show me location
i want this reminder as link pervious reminder (every day & 8:00 am to 10:00 pm.
New movies releasing next week
Hey, can you find me the nearest ATM?{task}
lifestyle in nagpur
do i have 75 off
any coupon for me
wait make it am
sanju
sure. thanks
please send semi final schedule of icc t _numeral_ world cup _numeral_
thank you and when s the finals
Hey can you please tell me nearest punjab national bank branch in surat
12655
yaa sure wasim
I need fight for Blore to delhi
Train no 17203 please send the schedule
i can't hear your reminders please make it loude
what is meant by partially cancelled
Bike service center
any offers available
any promo code available for rs150 recharge ?
good news - no convenience fees (save upto rs. 350). apply fly1000 before payment to get 15% cashback (upto rs. 650).
Can I know if there is a train from Chennai egmore to pondicherry ?
5star in pune hotels name
need biryani !!
What about mc donals
Hey, can you find me the nearest Bus Stop?{task}
wake me up tomorrow morning at 9
i support mi
hiii mem kesi ho
for the time being
here
can i apply coupon in ola too?
none of them
can u help me with courier services
Sir I want to know the arrival time and platform no. of this train from CTC
have planned to drink juice
to call
thanks sachin
please give me updates after every _numeral_ minutes
what will you do after world cup
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 4 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 720898, user_id: 1571824, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Super & spice burger price
Union bank of india ka atm kaha hai near..
Double
who win toss on current ipl maych
means ????
How can convert idea 3g sim into idea 4g
will try coming bill
just wanted to know who will win icc world cup
i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 07:00 pm { reminder_list: 531468, user_id: 1449767, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
rt cls suspnded means
good morning ji
u never sleep
ollywood
how much will be the expected fare, for 8-9 kms distance?
i need tamil movies
aluva to bangalore on 20th
salons near my present location
what's the coach num
whatsthe score
old updates
most sixes in ipl
i want to repair my wall fan
Book a cab for me
i like to go from mumbai to tripoli have any cheap flights
I want to eat yummy roasted chicken
Can you please check me a way for going to Vishakhapatnam from Chennai on 7th October which is a bit cheaper?
which is the next movie in sudeep
on 10 the marcg
what you think who will win ipl _numeral_
Hotels in zanzibar
now show time tday malayalam move lulumall evng
thankyou so much
please find chepest one
when urs shift started
3may chennai to ahemdabad n 10th may ahemdabad to chennai
plz help help me with reliance customer care number for postpaid
udapi
just now
so
schedule a call every 10 minutes till 10
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 07:30 am { reminder_list: 179869, user_id: 1474452, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Find me nearby electronics  shop
Hey do we do hotel booking in goa
atm machine
when is mumbai indian next match
"		i want to know availability and fare in ac 3 tier (3a) in train number 22660{product_id:22660_nzm_mao,api_name:trains_api}"
journey is in april 😀
is it done?
may i know what is the score of virat _date_ s match
match kon jita
score kya h
I would like to be informed about this flight also
12/30/1899
i have flight on 24th
i need tiffin service at night
Chennai to Madurai Bus tickets-3 Nos
thx pls wake me up on time
thanks a ton
rcb vs srh
whrn will be bank transfer credits
three time call me
hi pooja☺
is there any bus or taxi service for neral from thane or dadar
link has been expired ..it is getting late on otp so if u could give extra 10min then i can so will u please
what is the discount i get if i book cab
please cancel
"		hi, i want to book uberpool - 1 seat {product_id:e0178e76-b13f-4ae6-9f72-6acadbb450c5, api_name:uber, product_name:uberpool - 1 seat, seat_count:1}"
no i need score _time_ ball
cricket me which is the best player
ohk ..
any discount on recharged
Near zeenath theatre.
not intrested
home services
A guest house , 2double  rooms for 4 days in Mahanagar or Nishatganj area.Budget 1000-1500
two passengers senior ctijens aged 63years
what is the status of mach
metro
i am gon na bet on _date_ match
good morning akashay ji
intiate
any offers for vodafone postpaid bill payment?
i wnt to order frm
can u give me a rate or prize per kilometre in ahemdabaad cabs?
can u set again
want to know prabable playing _numeral_ in all matches
bott
stationary shop
are you happy with the rating??
i wan na know about rcb n hydrabad
renigunta
who will b in final
i need a flat in seraampur hooghly
mr wasim
But I want ice cream.
update me score
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 218666, user_id: 1822664, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Hey Sohab kindly activate DND on my number
can you tell me dd squad from the last match
stop the remainder
Show me some
12 pm is right time
mine icici debit visa card
how many runs have been scored by yuvraj singh in this ipl season
Give me freshmenu menu
_date_ kiske match hai
"		i would like to cancel my reminder to 'call nab bank' for tue, 07 march at 09:09 pm { reminder_list: 697922, user_id: 1869392, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
nd can u clear me the price of ride before i picked up the ride
Flight from Ahmedabad to pune
Check the terminal for departure of airindia AI0083
ticket can be confirmed before boarding date
good bye. take care. dear ...
hello sanju are you their??
no i will never pay using haptik
55050 train ki running status
and ground report
i already raised this concern with vikas also..
i need a car alteration shop in chennai
wah ji wah near me
now please book cab
snacks items;veg
bfwt3h
cash available list only
not found my location
status of my pnr
"i have flight to singapore by 12am 	due to mainataince in bangalore airport,do the flight timings has been changed ??"
regarding
please fast
send me ball to ball update automatically
no jarnail i am not a cricket lover
hi. can u cancel my train ticket pnr 4429247420
who s win royal challengers or pune what s do you think sneha
are tickets available for the movie logan ?
tabla kothapet
that area no petrol pumps
could you tell me the score of ind vs pak match
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 07:00 am { reminder_list: 687200, user_id: 1960151, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
give me every update about _date_ s qualifier match b w srh vs kkr when it starts
how is aftermath
Hey i want to know about pune to bikaner trains, can u help me out
sorry i mean restaurants
Best places to visit
love shav pyar wyar
i want to set alarm for wake up
cane you update me only about royal challenger team
hi, pls help to get best possible rates for blue ocean resort, malgund...2 adults   1 child (age 3yrs)
ya help me with detail of 25mrch flight
Where is the nearby vodaphone store?
any coupon codes available
hey i want know who is winner of ipl _numeral_
Can you book a cab
are you real
wake up call at 11.30pm
hey, can you find me the cheapest flights available for delhi?{task}
at morn 5clk tomor
it's going to be good noon kevin
_numeral_ minute update
please show me full scorecard
2556 933 410
wake me in 15 mins
i  have set reminder for every hour but didn't received any.
it's actually a table 2 chairs and 2 stools.. will that be fine!?
Review banjo
match _time_ bje se start he check kariya dubara
scorecard of _date_ match
match schedule
can you book me a cab for tomorrow
i need st john evelist high school
are there any other movies
16787 train sheet availablity
where is shruti
after 2 pm
oh ok
heeello , ms.ankita i'm correct
remind me every one hour
thk u
good morning ..
If all reminder has been cancelled then why I m getting reminder
bhattwadi is not showing
name of all d team with the players and their owners
thank u🙂
wat time india west indies match will start _date_
is there any option for margarita pizza?
hey there is no theater of e square
please process 46 payment
no any other modes
sorry, sent that bymistake
give the score of india and pakistan match live updates once the match starts
can i get the list of orange and purple cap
can you schedule one more reminder for me
what time is it expected to start
check in 12236 on 20 june
i want call
thane to parli-vaijnath train no 11011
but doubt
have you got any
Which seats available in Other class
and keep updating me
you promise me that you can send me updates of score
how many i spent on ride
it's 1 hour
hey i wish to order a cake online and get it delivered in gaya, bihar. can you find some options for me?
i was to set on am
bund mrvao frrr
yaa sure
i want contractor for landscaping work
thanks vipul
panipat m move kon shi lgi huai h
okay n provide me update of all match
we explored train n flight right
sure, thank u
good morning n thank u
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 05:00 am { reminder_list: 708420, user_id: 1982911, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
,*3₹3₹33₹
call asif tomorrow 11 am
hi did d match start
not able to choose the pickup
Can you book a tatkal ticket ticket?
next kkr match eden garden ticket
who
thanks sumit
how r u doing
Remind me to send a mail to Devkant at 7
book it
when r the tickets for playoffs in delhi coming out
please cancel this. i will book in a short while
And train from Meerut to dehradun
ho no
kings xi punjab who r the batman
sorry by mistake have selected
please delete all reminders besides only first
because at given place its very hard to found on time.
say me best of luck
any matches between _numeral_ - _numeral_ may
best kidney doctors
i want to know some deatils
could nt given offers
hiii poooo
Show me nearest sbi atm
is anyone besides mohit online?
I need a Innova cab from Pune airport to Shirdi on 26 Sep 11:15am and next return from Shirdi to Pune airport and I have some places to be seen in Pune on 27 Sep
is srh qualified to playoff in ipl already
ty dear
nope thankyou
may i get d individual score of ab de villiers
AVANI
i cant fine name of the place i wanna go
hey i need ola coupans
plz let me know the thetor
nahi chaiye muje
thanks kaushik...but i'm not interested now
I want to go Goa by plane how much money if I go by plane?
i want it for evening.......
can you check meru cabs
14th
inox , vishaal de mall
tell me my nearest railway station
sure hoping for good services from you guyz
mujhe bhi
individuals runs
Any buses after 8.30?
hi jay! can you web check in for me?
i want earrings soap near kothnur dhinne
nishant can u book both tickets separately but seats together???
👌🏻😊😊
the code you have given me will work only for me?
reviews of commando 2 ?
cancel all my reminders
I want sbi
Indusind bank
who will win this match let s guess
its for 2 or mire,  i asked for single ticket
i would like to cancel these all reminders
Visa help?
But ne other front seat avaliable..?
Can I get Quotation For A Trip To Agra from indore
Food delivery guntur
kaati zone
and she is upset these days too
work completed
"please show me one way flights from new delhi to mumbai 		onward date - 17 march"
but the app are not accepting my debit card
can we do something on that
pakistani
hai i want the ticket
SBI CDM nearby please!
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for mon, 06 march at 05:00 pm { reminder_list: 725679, user_id: 966813, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
also wake me up before 5:30
tomm match
hey can you tell me when is next match
dentist
"selvaraja puram, kannampalayam	coimbatore, tamil nadu	india"
please do not text. i will text you back.
Malls nearby
actually i wanted to book 4ticket
this needs to be stopped from today onwards
can you find me a nearest location for men's beauty parlour from garudacharpalya bus stop
Remind me to collect laundry in an hour
reminder to collect bag at 10am today
ok no thanks
Hey i need the map route of bike hire in Chennai
tysm
who will win this year ipl
I want reminder to eat food at time
U tell me na in 1 St AC which train is available on 25 th sep
_date_ marches
Weekend plan
nopp just update me with score after match starts
8 a.m
gateygalaxy theatre
ca n t stop praising kohli can you none great player he is
snd me live scores and updates
well i am actually try to get u my location naresh...
okay. i'll inform later
yeah .i can understand
not for now
any good veg restaurant near by me
b r c office location  in gulbarga location plz
who r the _numeral_ wickets
I didn't get the reminder today
any direct train from delhi to hisar
okz
Bus tickets from kochi to Bangalore on 9 th , preferably Ksrtc
Ohk whags the packages
can you tell me a nearest ganesh temple
beards aacha aayega?
when is semi final
Can you cancel 630 am reminder?
stop my drinking water reminders
remind me at 9 am
Can u send me the direction to travel from my location to jspiders
fare of flights
not interested thanks.. anyway...
"		i want to know availability and fare in ac 3 tier (3a) in train number 12963{product_id:12963_nzm_udz,api_name:trains_api}"
show me cheapest
recharge for prepaid
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for thu, 02 march at 06:30 am { reminder_list: 674878, user_id: 1921258, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
make dnd
2 pm.
kolkata m best hotel konsa ha
water bottle supplier
Hey, can you find me the nearest Reliance store?
not metro
any offer on movie ticket?
it is okay
I don't remember activating the reminders
ok sure thq
no _date_ s match is banglore vs gujarat
Airplan ticket Jaipur to Bangalore on 4th Oct
hi! i need to get pest control done.{task}
is that still open for me daniel
search bafna surgicals in thane
i tried all the steps you shared like restarting mobile and kill the app still same error payment failed
because i love u
Chololate fudge cake
hope it was raining in kolkata
i need 4 seats
update live coverage
Crispy weggies
arvind nagar
nothing on medical grounds or rescheduling ?
Book Pink at Cinepolis VIP for tonight
Book a ticket
i want to book hotel accord in ranchi
Remind me tonight @10 pm to keep my marksheets
Is there any bus from inorbit mall.to malad station
hi shilpa can you remind for drinking water?
from kadur to tumkur afternoon
hi can i have menu of polar bear ice cream
sry dandeli
I booked a flight
u too also maam
what about 7000369821?
on all cabs using uber
might take time
ntng
please update me with the current score
Near by theatres
kaabil
i don't want to buy ticket
as i have booked an appointment for electrician
already paid all :)
that will be great , yeah m gonna need ur help
same train
ah k
how did warner got out _date_
dear padma, cash back of rs. 75 is not added in my wallet even after completing payment successfully
I want to know about tour packages for jim corbett
for medicine i told you set reminder at 9:20 am from mon to fri but you called me on saturday and i feel very disappointed with that
whats current runrate
hello naresh.......
which u gvn me info
yeah received yesterday
hi can u help me do web check in?
Jio Service Centre at fort
Syska service center in nagur near bardi
not needed just i'm checking the app as of nw
no i asked you to tell me which team of ipl do you support by heart
can you file tdr for booked ticket
who do you think will win the tournament
you can send me a reminder?
can u provide me the phone number
no not now thanks!
Good breakfast places in delhi
two person how many tickets rate
i need a help from you
which team ll win
Cheapest flight from Bombay to Bhopal on 28 oct
second class sitting
can i g
9
but it doesnt show up in menu
could you please check is there any sports shop near to my location where i can buy gk kung-fu tt bat?
Sahara mall
"hi wasim, 	pls remind me to attend business meet tomorrow @ 9am."
Price list to pizzas
hey aarav the score us already _numeral_ - _numeral_
Flight details from Delhi to goa
tell me about india pak match
nagarkovil cap service
set another reminder for me
this is not helpful for me
wt abut score
Help me with the latest movies
go ahead
nexa showroom
need a carpenter to be precise.
send me movies details
can u explain ?
updates every _numeral_ minutes please
Book a flight to Chandigarh from mumbai on 13th October 2016
Hello, is my reminder active?
virat kohli s score
how was the film
i want to go nashik
Hi Debasmita , Give Complete economy trip from Hyderabad to Kerala site seeing locations and return for 5 days
how far is airport from my location
Gm water tank cleaning person we what
can i call you ma'am
u will deposit amount in my credit card used or in haptik wellet..
Remind me to collect CCP assignment book from Omar tomorrow
i need to know about atm of bank of india
did the match started
What's the distance between ahmedabad to chennai?
Wake up call today at 12.07 pm with message - "Lenskart, Jio, Flipkart Refund."
whats thw score now
show all task
i didn't set a reminder for birthday
thanks a lot manal
please share score card
Cleaning
ok i will book my own, if discount is not available
what are the show timings
can i get pizza right now
can u plz check and inform whether flight is as scheduled or not
i guess toss has happened
can jatil wallet be not used to book cab?
yes thank you .
any cash back on bill payment
stop remainder
I want 6 tickets for majnu in cine polis near JNTU
Check tickets in BVC
coz that s not live updates
not now coz i don't sleep at night now days
belly dance?
to ger 15%off
oki bro
bill payment offers
pnr - 8356388933
amikkr
remind me to fill forms
in this offer what is the payment method
Flight from bagdogra to Delhi on 29 the Dec, price?
12/30/1899
if i will take ride how wud i pay u
ardee city sec 52 gurgaon
Movie review about sindhusamaveli
i want to know reminder of birthday is for once or every year,??
i want to book tatkal train ticket for 10 march
cashback offer can be availed how many times?
update me after every over
pizaa
wc t _numeral_ match schedule please
as discusd earlier ... evry hour between 5 pm to 11 pm
Hi... I have given details regarding a trip to Manali... Is there any update on that?
yeah i want to recharge my phone
im unable see the score
if i do 4 tickets together
my team is kings _numeral_ punjab
can you send set a reminder for today to wish mayor happy birthday
don't remind again
winner to _date_ s match
he visited thnk u for the service
I want  hdfc
not necessary chinese
wake at 4am,for namaaz
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for everyday at 01:00 pm { reminder_list: 694531, user_id: 1980018, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Brindavan exp seat details
cineplex
provide summary
Send me mulund east hotels menu
really nice of you!!
yes which r under 1000
yes can i pls help  atm
Flight ticket from guwahati to agartala at minimum cheap price between
Shall I get reward on bill payment of airtel n vodafone
live score pleasr
hey! can you help me with some others near kothrud?
say
who won previous match
or just a computer
i'm eligible to cashback??
thank you please help me with fotball _date_ match stats
where will play _date_ s cricket match
maine kyp ka form bhara tha kushal yuva program to iska centre sdc me veja gaya hai aur mujhe pata nhi hai ye kahan pe hai
thank you so much !! friend,
Electric
hey what does the match schedules look like
please remind me to call masa tomorrow morning at 11.00 am
thank u so much 😊
need a web check inn
कक दो तत
thanks mam
you look so gorgeous
thanks for waking me ip
i can use other payment methods
check pnr sandeep
yeah he did.
pls show my upcoming reminders
hey..gud mrng just wanna confirm that does haptik work out of india too..?
can u tell me how to get my 250rs
Ahmedabad to Mumbai
bus options
or day time
I want to order from Hot Bites.{product_id:2300322,product_name:Hot Bites,api_id:,api_name:zomato}{carousel_cta}
can u please help me with the running status of bbs-ndls durnto express
so england won
couple booking
computer speakers
india va west indies
i would like to cancel my to-do: meeting in collage for thu, 09 march at 10:30 pm { reminder_list: 631526, user_id: 1661618, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
okk... thank you🙏
How to activate 4g in airtel old sim
okay let me ask my other family members and then i vl let u knw
it can't be coincident
Thanks plz turn off this reminder
let me know the best way to reach vaishno devi temple from bangalore
shared done..
can you get me the brief score please
meko 500000  chahiye mil skta h
service
neyveli
ok..will get back to you shortly
cheapest flight to delhi from chandigarh
kollam
hyderabad vs delhi match result _date_
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 708169, user_id: 1982809, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
okay so the plumber who came yesterday to fix my flush, the flush is again not working
how much over is remaining m
2848501352
remind me to complete my mto assignment tomorrow
Nellai express
any cash back for train travels
what about on 6th march
Please do my Web check in
west
Hey there, I want to book a train ticket.
I want to know how to reach tawang arunachal Pradesh from guwahati
best restaurant in gandhinagar
dost i mean score board with evry player prformnce
who is the match _date_
Tell me about Lenovo service center in Allahabad
Whether seat available or not
2555933813
search flight from patna to amritsar at lowest rates & travel time..
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 692281, user_id: 1979528, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
thanks, but i am not interested
oh, could you also find out if the bharathi nursing home in kr road is open. specifically if dr swaminath will be available today and if so atvwhat time? i
unian
yes but do n t fail to keep me updated
not planning now
Standard chartered bank branch
hello reshma...
yeah!
Is that any offer on movie ticket
should i contact u or someone else
it for print out
alright.
any coupon code is available for recharge d2h services or mobile recharge
any match at wankhede
this cab i booked directly
water reminder cancel
Is there any boxing class nearby
thanks for reminding
already sent pic of bill
Wardha junction to shegaon
Need to know about mysore one day tour package
i gst what will increase
Is there any train tickets available to mumbai to reach before coming Saturday afternoon
ticket booking
any chinese restaurant. in kurla
stop match updates
so wht you think which team is win
hi. remind me to check for movie on sunday evening
movie time
It is somebody else that I have to wake up at 8. Could that be scheduled too? As in to call that number and wake him up?
how r u ?
Find me a Honeymoon travel package for February 2017
???
he gives only allopathic
Suggest flights to bangalore from Mumbai
What is the fastest option from delhi to ambala cantt
need to get tickets for ipl _numeral_ in banglore
plz do fast
tell me scores after every _numeral_ overs
uptill when we will gt this amount
computer engineer
"		i would like to cancel my meet jegan sir reminder for sat, 04 march at 08:00 pm { reminder_list: 692623, user_id: 1965096, task_name: meet_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
btw i am at machiato, which is an italian restuarant and this was confirmed but i came here and they said there was no reservation
I want volvo bus booking
andhra electricity payment not available
_date_ any match
restaurant in mughalsarai 232101
Hello Please remind me
call me and remind
send me more
Donna biriyani
can you book the cab for me
kohli is a future of indian cricket
ltt exp on 4th april and pune bbs exp on 6th april  sl from gulbarga to visakhapatnam
oh sorry
i already mentioned all derails
Please send me the bus timings starting from bangalore airport to electronic city
can u give the direction to that..
remind me to eat eggs everyday at 9 pm
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 588999, user_id: 1930569, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i got a msg fro. haptik there is cashback offer of rs 100 on recharge of rs 500 of dth
how do i delete my reminder n
you were sending the scores _date_
I need mitsubushi air conditioner customer care number
mandi hause to ambedkar nagar
axis bank debot card
ticket star from?
none other than virat kohli please put hands together for him
Cancel wake up call
I'm booking railway ticket
hey reshma i need gym nea by my location may b for lesser price n also swimming classes
Yeahm. But no reservation required here :)
muje 9 am ko delhi pochna hey
kya hai
hey is there any match _date_
Cab you check the cheapest tickets for Australia in March or Feb - 2 tickets - economy class
hi keep sending me the scores for this match thank you
hi i want one thing delivered to me from govindas at iskcon chowpatty
i am ready
kxi vs kkr
which is better domino's or pizza hut
i want to pay my postpaid bill
I need snooze call
is buy one get one there?
hi khusboo
scoreboard n of punjab vs hyderabad
nearby atm not show
yes i just have want only timing ...and i got from you..
thank you. you have a great evening ahead too
Set it name : mom's leg
new delhi to kolkata
_date_ match gayle wil play
Nearest Reliance mobile shop
30th
I want to change my mobile service provider from Airtel to reliance through portability. Can you pls help me
Sleeper or 3A
remind mat karo
yes tell me abt ipl match tickets in mumbai
what is the venue of final match
I want to know about availability of  bikes from Chandigarh to Manali
available between
nope thank u
still did came
reminders sathe sakale 9.00
hii sir
2/2/2017
Chicken kepsa Biryani from Persian darbar
all those are costly
which team captain is very good
11085
police station
Will you tell me that Bsnl 249 rs broadband is started or not..
Cab booking req
turn off reminder please
Any coupon codes available for dominos??
How to cancel reminder
airtel help desk
some in dadar as well
Can u track one train
kindly change the meeting time to 3pm
kon
whats about kachiguda to egmore
updated point table please
Call me also .
Internet Cafe
is there any playground
Idea recharge
who won _date_ in vivo ip match with full description
how many runs kohli scored
remind me for birthday on 22,nd October
do you book buses?!
who won in _date_ s ipl match
sumit can you help me find out theatres or multiplexes near adyar.
for another one
where is prabha theatre in mysore?
please update me on scores
full line up
12203 when reaches new delhi
show mw rcb matches
finally mumbai indians won in there home ground
i saw the match pak vs new zlnd
am i eligible for the cashback
Where can I find a Samsung mobile service center nearby
batsman total ran
m asking about current score bro
Call me on 8560805026
The current  status of  PNR 2648814552
Hi can I recharge DTH Tata sky
koi aur flight meim
Departure City: Chennai
yaha ka near atm kaha hai
Distance from delhi to leh
hair dressers for women near baner?
when do i get cash back
Yaar.. you'll told me no busses are available before 11 to Ajmer.. here I've left from Ajmer to Jaipur airport nw
i want to book in train no. 12802 purushotom exp
Which movie is releasing on this friday
Find nearby IELTS coaching center in Pitampura
diye bmg ki
next match time
want to go to
full score card send
Near by ICICI prudential branch
Where is my nearest ffb shop?
no i dnt want train
i was rooting for pakistan though
send coupons
"i dont have tickets 	can't you read 	i want it"
oki thanks
2nd day thana solliruntha
book this tkt
there you go :)
i want circus shows
too costly
November 1 date  bbswr to pune train
no i want axis bank atm
yday match summary
can you please delete this alert now
what you think who will be man of the series
films at kg cinemas coimbatore
sir can u help me to get any sleeper bus  from delhi to  mandi (hp) ?
I want to order from mi marathi
Mexican food in Kolkata
jio prime offer se kya benefits h
Require every year reminder
Nearest mall
still awaiting for any response
my mobile phone drowned in the water
no yaar can show this msge of confirmation ticket's for ticket collector.
you are an analyst
hi is there a final match _date_
who is d leading scorer
just cancel it..
Vodafone mobile recharges and plan...
can u send me my location address
pless conform atm macine in sujanganj
have a nice day.
gayle is out
idbi bank
hey bro
which team is better for next match n ngl or mi
where is the lg mobile authorized service centre in bangalore?
is there any offer in recharge??
ping me now at 3am where i reached at my study target!
i want to know if there's any coupon in ola ?
timings for _date_ s match
hyd dc score
when the match of kings xi punjab
why maxwell in last game kxlp
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 08:39 am { reminder_list: 711409, user_id: 1983550, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
you are not answering my question.
Stop sending remainder
sure i will let u kno
thank you i needed schedule will ask if i need update on any specific match
give me match updates
i need a wake up call today at 3:30  am
patna sa ganghai madan
when is the next t _numeral_ match
is there any chance of playoffs for rcb
lovely batting from the indian side
hw i can for 10 thousand
can you help me with what all i could find to watch out in hyderabad..??
latest movies in telugu
promo codes for recharge
good nighy
possible h ye
search flight for bangalore to ahmdabad
do you suggest for holiday packages also?
hi do you have ooty tour packages from chennai on march 9
i want to book ticket
i want later not now
Cancel both the Alarms
i want two tkts for this movie
pl in noida
What movies are there
on 7tn hyderabad to tirupati one berth by sleeper class
wake me up at 5:30
other than this
Obc bank
"		i would like to cancel my `wish indu agrahari happy birthday!` reminder for fri, 03 march at 04:14 pm { reminder_list: 691588, user_id: 1906676, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
where are the updates
i want to book tickets for 1 passengers in train number 11301
I am planning to go ooty
do you know of any other app or website that can help me filter out laptops according to required specifications?
saraswati talkies m kon movie lgi hai
self ride cab ?
61623878
thank you please keep me updates with scores
😍😍
nind  nahi aa rahi h
i want some answers
haha.. was just kidding..i will let you know if need something
please find me kindergarten schools in & around ernakulam, kaloor & kadavanthra all in kerala
I want to go to shirdi from bina or bhopal by train in sleeper coach on or around 3 nov.
I want know the Flights timings and fare
location pune
my friend is getting married and we are organising a bachelors party.
Coimbatore to tuticorin flight
location ambernath
madame i want my money 2500/- back or cabinet
my question is that can i use my haptik wallet balance for same or not?
uh made my day
Where could i get best pav bhaji in my nearby area
mahabaleshwar
Want to go in October to mount Abu can u manage trip
nearby domino's
this location you send me
ur*
gd nyyt
you r toking is bengali
ok janu
yaar appp
ok i'm busy pura din..milenge kal ..bye take care
1682
can i know watz present fare from mallapur to secunderabad
in which train seat is available
first one
thank you soo much b/w i need to noe more details
u too...thn q so much
notify me about score of all matches
i would like to cancel my reminder for everyday at 04:10 am { reminder_list: 385320, user_id: 1304221, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
I want to book a train ticket from dahod to Ludhiana on 29th September
office
Please add a reminder
How to the movie tickets
bob atm please
_date_ there is whose match
i want details about swimming pool near me
can you guys call to remind for drinking water?
villiwakkam to changelpet season  ticket cost
I wanna to get a pizza at this tym
Set
may i receive my receipt of payment
Dominos chhindwara number
still my order came
remind me to order phone
do you think mumbai indians will make through the quarter finals
"		i would like to view more reminders. { user_id: 1689770, offset: 5, api_name: exotel }"
any train on 7th evening
any offers on pizza hut and dominos
Provide me the address of vinegar restaurant in baroda
i don't train number
want to book a cab
sure.
Anything for train from surendranagar to ahmedabad?
I need adress of HDFC CDM machine near chaitanyapuri area hyd
low price
any cashback on recharge?
reminder eat almonds
Order 1 plate chicken chilly from hot n fresh in Chandighosh road Kolkata 700040
You didn't remind me to go home
I am interested in Veg Kourt
sl vs wi update please
but where will my cashback go?
did tickets get confirmrd
show me movie shows at city pride pune
remind me on 7 march 2017 to draw anatomy diagrams for head and neck
Tomorrow morning at 10 am remind me to solve one question paper from book
flight for hubli city
And wake me up after every 10 mins after 9am today
do n t need the update now
please help me with the courier services near thakur polytechnic
hey, can you send me regular reminders to drink water 💧 ? {task}
kha se ho
Dell service center
get me the seat details
Can u guys order food from wow momos for me
nothing more
syber center
Planning a trip in Chennai for 5days need an SUV best deal??
ok fine
Train for Howrah to puri
wake up call
for every _numeral_ mins
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sun, 05 march at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 713301-713302-713303-713304-713305-713306-713307-713308-713310-713311-713312, user_id: 1983949, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
offers for postpaid recharge
hi, i'm interested in watching la la land. {movie_name:la la land}{task}
andra mess
sbi?
Yes. Confirm the order
are u crazy
leave it as seats are not available togathet.  will do it at the airport
hi can u book ola micro
punjab won the first tournament
"		i would like to cancel my call xyz reminder for sun, 05 march at 01:00 pm { reminder_list: 713557, user_id: 1983938, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
halo
aata toh hai nahi call
Send electrician today
plz check my pnr
kkr match schedule
i already booked my ticket
message sent
plz remind me for brown tape and bubble wrap at 4.30 pm today
in the above chats
Send me a menu card of wtp bar jaipur
western union
no i want bus
shd i give u the exact address?
yes deepesh
india all stage
help is only in words
Hello ...i wanted to know about pegasus...manas , is there any flight if manas pegasus from New Delhi to bishkek FRU
hey ! i want to know the flight costs to dubai from hyderabad on 16th march 2017
Can u plz te me what's the timing for panchavati train from Dadar in the evening
Any places delivering sugar free sweets, desserts
thanku vipul
hii nalini.....
please stop these reminders
it was done by mistake
no as of now, will come back if needed
thank you daniel
cancel them
i ll be glad if you could share me more info related to ipl
Is there any way there is medicine reminder for everyday
i want to know rate of cab to go for babatpur airport varanasi
ipl tim detal
why??
judicial layout
call me at 9.40 am today
South Indian food delivery
wanna travel to mumbai
camando 2 movie timing
need to know modes of travel from delhi to spiti valley
ok book the cab
yess
hydrabad team ipl _numeral_ me kitne khele match kaha pe khele toss or match kon jita h
Set a reminder for hr meeting on thursday on 3:20pm
at what time match strts tmrw
i don't train number but i'm searching for rajadhani
score of _date_ s game
12/30/1899
My current reminder details pls
can u set for everyday
no that's it
please read my query again
just had 2 glass of water
May I know the current status of Telangana express
good evening sagar
sorry i want ticket for 4 adults
I want in 3rd ac
I want to book hotel in puri
flight only national or international
is ola n uber strike called off ?
no thanks.
i want know about shatabdi express solapur to pune
final score
sarfaraj khan ipl me kis team ke sath khel raha hai
daman
i i'll book the ticket within one hour..want to conform with friends
i don't want to cancel anything
highest average in ipl _numeral_
which terminal in mumbai does jet airways domestic flights operate from?
till what time is the app on?
i am unable to tag on the address for pick up
dwaraka
it's done
i need a electrician
"		i would like to cancel my to-do: university meeting! for mon, 06 march at 10:00 pm { reminder_list: 684213, user_id: 1194559, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
ny offers on bas?
thnks
Can provide flight ticket cheaper than air Asia promotions?
how to get coupan??
i need a parlour for ladies near my location
i am unable to change the reset the password of google
ha ha
hello can you book may bus
but this is not the entire schedule
specially for candle light dinnee
Pls activate dnd on my number
ask for the same they deliver in time or not
leh to bangalore
any coupon
please update me with _numeral_ of both team of _date_ match
Buses from Pondicherry to Bangalore now?
jus remind me to buy tomorrow
wake me up at 8 30 am
i m hungry af!!
sir i want to recharge of rs 500
Remind me at 5 PM, need to take my mom to the hospital
hiii{task}
sumsung coustumer care ka no send karo
there is no bank
thank u so much!
sai pride hotel
i'm near vapi
JTJ To SBC
it was nice talking to u too..very helpful responses
hi i'm looking for a ticket from goa to bombay tomorrow
pickup n destination both
Any nearby reliance store
Sleeper plz
score card is kkr
i want dominos menu card please
that's all for now
hmmm thanks
any offer on cabs ride
can you look for good cafes around me
thank you for reminding
i want every day upadate
very costly
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 706527, user_id: 1981826, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
plz confirm to trains ticket
nw also down?
mate cab service
no alright
bro _date_ s match was epic
"wish birthday	name: annu	date: march 2, 2017	time: 11 30 pm"
I need to book a flight ticket from canada yyz airport on 30th sep and land bangalore on oct 1st and return flight from bangalore on oct 8th to canada yyz airport
collect workshop submissions
i hate you
for mi vs rcb
mam
one day driver service for own car
great work...
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 727546, user_id: 1873742, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
ok next
Remainder 31/10/16 only to apply passport 5:00pl
delhi to goa 10 april departure 16 arrival in delhi
thank you the match started finally
show me local 3d cinema hall
reply fast
Remind me to go for a meeting at 3.15
i am just looking for a nearby metro station.. please help me..😊
chal na
where is patil academy for army selection in kolhapur
I wnt to order
some no
please remind me of noi booking and nanu reservation tomorrow
am i eligible for this 75 cashback
and now i'd like you to set up new ones
Hi, I need Jain food delivery options in prabhadevi today
flight frm bangalore to pune
just switch off the reminder of water please
how can i book a cab
plees
Hi samita... Check bus from Chennai to Salem before Diwali day.....
keep me updated with the scores
can you cancel my wake up calls?
i have to go market at 7 pm today
surat
remind me to wish sapna on her birthday on 11th march 11am
hunda city satara road ka nom dena
show me cheapest flights for 24th apr.{722071}
pls remove this reminder
on28th of march???
u too
I need some discount coupns on flight bookings
no now , no need
ipl match time tebal
any offer on movie logan
7.50 pm today 2march 2017
ohh but rcb loss or win
to yaar meri gf nhi h
Honeymoon package
any b tech college near me
Gitanjali exp Train live status
hi .. k thanks
ineed biryani houses near leela palace hal road
hi want to eat bengoli thali veg
6256192529 can u check this pnr status
yeah
thxs reshma..
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 714900, user_id: 1824095, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i would like to view more reminders. { user_id: 1140979, offset: 5, api_name: exotel }
Hai akash.........can i know ....airtel mobile internet price fall down....due to Reliance Jio ....can you share offers
Which is the nearest UCO bank branch
Nearby drawing classes
cancel it actually
Bhuj Kutch Movies Surmandir today.
okay no prbm ur choice
hiii priyanka
is todays match on wankhede or outside the maharashtra
and took fide today
south indian billa hindi dubbed movie konsi website se milega batayenge
Do u need the passport number to book the tickets?
Tell me about all trains from bhilai nagar to durg for today
Goa trip
i want car in rent
for you
ha
hellow suraj
I want best price for today on flight from ahmedabad to mumbai
kasganj to kanpur train today's
kannada
payment otp for recharge
sorry plz change after one hour 30 min upadate it
in next half hiur
great finalyy won there _numeral_ match
If I book a flight ticket
service
or cashback up to ₹100/-
Please update me the current status of my PNR
who s on the pitch
hey pumit
Wake me up by 9 30
edappilly
ok, let me try
amazing staff
aman thank for wake me up.
u r also my reminder
Which movie is getting released on 23 sep 2016
how many days left to use my 15 rs
cheap
actually i snt u msg by mistake
looking for snacks place
one help please
at best price zirakpur
i need seven tickets of _numeral_
when is t _numeral_ next match
hai baby
aur naya lao..wo pruna ho gya
Yes set me a reminder
sugarcane juice is okay in stomachache ?
Bus stop arrived
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 05:00 am { reminder_list: 706178, user_id: 1982071, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
where is the match being played
I need from pizza hut
thank u!!
can u book tickets for me?
huh
if it receive then also call
shit
any offers on ola or uber for nalasopara
my balance is not showing
no call remimder
hey M in meerut at miet I want south indian cusine cn u temme any gud restaurant
give me the the names or photo of punjab players and delhi players
Pls stop my reminders for drinking waer
pl switch off reminders
keep giving me live updates as i am outside
sorry by mistake
there*
thank u vandana
i don't have that right now
i did recharge now of 20
tell me about other theatres wher dis movie is available..
i want a wake up call
government law college
pls jolly llb 2
i told u i want 20/25 thousand for 22 to 29 march ( for 7 night ) for 2 person
ohh yeah
this weekend epl fixtures
can u tell me that do u have any coupons right now for train booking?
Oh much fare
no reminder at all
Find me standard restaurant nearby me
yes please,  i  also need a dentist who works with dental implants and a gynecologist
is there any bus
i want to pay my cab payment through ola money
I want to know fare for adult from chennai to kolkata
status please
Duranto train for kota
any offer on recharge ?
yes and one more
ipl starts when
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 4:00 pm to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 661730, user_id: 1965136, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
yes i wanted to recharge but the code which was given earlier didn't work
Iru mugan review
akola
it has to have an expiry date , right
applying coupon code is showing not valid
from mumbai cst to gkp
not tat one
hi is there any offer for electricity bill payment
oh yes 4749321974
New hindi realise
kullu manali
Can u recharge via free charge
please  book on 6 march 11041
cancle my ticket
Find Canara bank branch in Velachery
nalasopara east
looking for swimming tank bath service near dadar, matunga area
hi please translate in english
any recharge deals
thanks love
Remind me at 8 to get extension
Book 2 tickets for me
Seat no. And coach is not mentioned
i want to change the alarm
adult 4"
nearest lingerie shop
does rcb still have a chance to enter the semis
pl let me know min booking amt
"		i would like to cancel my to-do: to get your mobile for everyday at 09:00 am { reminder_list: 304272, user_id: 1792241, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Hotel in mumbai
where is print out
given
Train ticjets
Want to travel to jaipur
that was greatthanks
jaipur railway station
is this a real person?
Hi could you help me find a driver for my car for.today.. Traveling within mumbai
i was not getting any updates from last 20 days...suddenly i got 200 updates. is there a bug?
U can stop giving me reminders now
batsmen on creach
again the samw
not right now, will let you know
919521989957
i need bus tickets
i've already bought by myself
in hyd where
need  cab
i'll
highest runs of player
i wanna book a cab
thank u daniel for water reminders
get me the promocode to add money in paytm
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 682404, user_id: 1976370, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
"please proceed with below flights -		onward flight - rs.3427	indigo (6e-814)	new delhi to jaipur	departure: 07:25 am (22 feb)	arrival: 08:20 am (22 feb)	 		return flight - rs.2830	spicejet (sg-2624)	jaipur to new delhi	departure: 11:15 am (28 feb)	arrival: 12:30 pm (28 feb)"
aligarh main kidhar lagi hai ye movie
yes i want to get regular score update
9/20/2017
do you have promocode
i can't book yaar
send location of this also plz
yeah could u let me know how much do they charge for an appointment?
i need to book hotel in aurangabad
can i get the score card of live match going on
which are the new teams
Axis atm
nana hostel in mehta nagar.. chennai address
yes i want reminder for meeting
please stop the water reminders
trichy to rameswaram
hii harshad
today check in and tomorrow check out
how much do u charge for train ticket
r u robot
i need good restaurants near ernakulam south railway station
when is pune s match
are train tickets available from mumbai to ahmedabad on 10 the march in 3 tier ac
hello priyanka
send me details of every match before and after
india next match schedule
movies in jammikunta
Hii can u find me the nearest swimming training centre?
Please find the nearest post office
never mind
8 :35 am
what s the score again
where should we go to watch india pakistan match in mumbai
near by non veg
webcheckin
what time does india australia match starts _date_
yes with in 1 day
oh i guess u r available on bhutan
no i want a msg reminder
i want u
stop it
how much is the cost per person in barbeque coimbatore
heloo
can u try now
want to port my number to reliance
where are you from siddharth?
no more
hmmmmm
have in any other flavors
chase kitna karna hai
I want to travel to bali. Get some great deals.
can you arrange the tickets for _date_ match india vs aus
what is the news about _date_ s match
how to go mahabalipuram from my location
indore se ratlam ka train demo ka btao
r u waching thise movies
can you give me the ipl schedule
reminder please for tonight's
is there any offer on haptik..
idea night pack net
Motorola's service center
Frm coimbatore to mumbai morning today any train is available
its _time_ match must be over
Three tkts for 2:45
rbl
but then haptik wallet cash is just valid for a month i suppose
gd ngt
i can't see my wallet balance of 250 rs
player scores rcb
just get me he train schedule
any other atm
my upcoming reminders
i want to book mayfair hideaway
r u computer system o
Do I have to show the snap shot in the cinema?
a chutiya ronak
where can i get good pizza
finding restaurant for waffles
is beauty and the beast coming in 3d in kolkata?
r u arranging cab?
Sv to koaa train availiblity on 14/11
check for bangkok phi phi n krabi
who won in delhi vs sunrisers
hey vanisha
okay tell me the score _time_ when the march starts i will wait
ok if ther i ill let u know
help to wake up 06:30
do i get any discount through these
don't have delivery option to my location
i m rushing 2 my ofis
diplomatic answer dude nno issues ndhoni hai he is a magician nlet s see
yes please update me the scores once the match starts
any cab offers in jaipur
Hi, I want to buy a travel package{task}
Axis bank atm*
sure thanks a lot . take care
What alarm.... I say morning alarm not Evening
when is next match in pune
who will you think will win this ipl
I want chicken
recharge is not done ter
please provide me latest point table after the match of wi and sa
When ssin train reaches Secunderabad
Which type of bus delux ac or normal
would it be next weeek
he had done some mobile recharge through haptik...
any offer or coupon
what are the individual scores of rcb in _date_ s match
i m watching it live you can stop sending me
hey remind me at 3:59 pm today
i would love to get updates
not this destination
thxs
Had food
heyy
is there any cab here?
I want to do web check in
what would be the delivery charge though
kal knsa match hai
only once
remind me to get ready for nikhil at 10:40
Hello.. can you tell me the Telugu movies releasing this week ..
but where is points table
i want to cancel two tickets
ok thanks for your help
I want train tinings details
How to reach UTI center in belaour from my location
qualifiers of _date_ match
no,dun have 2 cancel d ordr.
let's keep checking
ur awake
cancel this ticket that i have mentioned avbove
thanks a lot. will get back soon..
Swimming training center
plz
score updates every over
thank you reshma
thankx
what wake up i can't get you
you should remind me on 78
no thank you i am not intereated in cricket
hi buddy what are the tamil movies are running near my location
remind me every 2 hours
sydney
existing
want water reminder every 5 minutes by call from 6 am to 7 am today
book ola micro
i have asked from airline they told that cancellation charges is only 2000/ for both tickets..
every 2 hours
Flight of 2 jan 2017 from delhi to tirupati
no it's to late i have already recharge on pytm
how many overs are left
ipl kab se start ho rhe hai
i want to order biryani
thanks for the update
Off reminder
all three
very bad guy
Sorry I didn't like movies
_numeral_ to win from _numeral_ balls
i hv a child wid me
can u let me know if there are hilton or ihg or carlson group hotels in munnar
i want to book a train ticket
thank you so much!
also ...any offers??
saif i am looking for restaurant which can deliver chicken soup
1pm tomorrow
thanks mohit
hey i want a cab right now
I want hdfc
I need to know the trains going from delhi to Lansdowne
na
Give me the list of Kannada movies pls
more
how much on this?
thankyou!
_numeral_ hours before the match
not my pgvcl
Pls check status in 12980 sleeper coach as on 10.09.2016
no dont remind
Hey, can you find me the nearest book store?{task}
Is there any taxi at 8am
what are the matches on sunday
Cab package Mumbai local 4hrs/40km, continue from there to Shirdi on 28th afternoon.  Stay in Shirdi overnight. 29th leave 8am to Shanti Singnapur n return to Mumbai airport by 6pm.  Need a Etios cab quote.
can you book ipl ticket
yay one more !
i want kfc
go out for bills of test repoets
sorry wrong message
no i can't, because i did not know the name i am so sorry.
boo atm in chikhli city
price is more high
i want you to set a reminder for tomorrow 3:50  a.m
Show Train from Madurai to Coimbatore today
can't it be done between 10-12
what does aman mean?
tel me organic shops near mmda arumbakkam
can i have points table latest
any hotels in this area
Pls stop the reminder now
can u add there i'm not getting how to adf
please energize me
pls check live status of
points tablr
it gets over at 3.45
"		i would like to view more reminders. { user_id: 1983427, offset: 5, api_name: exotel }"
u cant send sms when im offline
Sbi branbh
thank u so much shruti ...
i mean airtel landline numbrt
Want to book tickets to Chennai from Vellore for 7th October 2016
Give me pink movie price rates in PVR and velocity
date 04/3/17
can you please tell me any car available i want to go sirdi
Sorry cancel the reminder to call
hi i booked 2 tickets
i don't have that information
no thank u...just chek
good afternoon vanisha
can you give me match schedule for next _numeral_ days
can you remind me at 10:50 to go to the hospital
Samitha Pls check out for trains for Salem to katpadi
order food
For bhopal to jaipur
gondia
Stop the remainder
hi ssup
ashram express
hws u?
every 5 mins .. 6am to 7am
from welkin park
from durg to mumbai
other options other than water intakr
deacon flight
i am looking for a beautician who can come today evening
but i took two ridea
i will discuss with my wife and get back to u
smith is injured will he play in next match
just do what u r told
Send me address of icici bank in anand mahal road, surat
toys shop
Any other bus which have low  cost
does bus runs from howrah to esplanade
i don't knw bill amount
fucking great
also post the result of this match
i want the summary of todays match
Which restaurant would be open now ?
no i m joking
five star hotel in new delhi
whtas about todays match
update after _numeral_ the over
timing
i would like gi yeswanthpur from electronic city
its a new app iam just checking how it works
how to get job at haptik
can it be applied on food order
thanks, mukul. ☺️
Do you have the station timetable chart for the following train No.14707 Ranakpur exp.
i want _date_ s match schedule
want to se love coverages
Can u tell me the nearest metro station from east patel nagar
and the  fees should be cheaper
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 264801, user_id: 1841170, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
and now u guys dont reply
is train no 16613 on right time at krishnarajapuram
"no need send reminder 	i will do it"
thnk u for ur assistance
i want a detail about _date_ s match
in goa
i would like to cancel my to-do: complete the web development training. for sun, 05 march at 11:00 am { reminder_list: 573638, user_id: 1929633, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
the food which i had ordered already
Hyundai car showroom nearby
what would you suggest the best time to book a flight
snehajee
i want to go jammu so give me some train route which train i should prefer to go there
oh soo sad sir
Nearest metro station to shakur basti railway station?
i want to book your sister for a night
how many perecent second batting beneficial on the wankhede stadium
hw abt coffee
"my pickup is- 		shree calcutta lohana mahajan, 52, radha bazar lane, b b d bagh, b b d bagh, radha bazar, barabazar market, kolkata, west bengal 700001, india"
do n t you think that it is quite old info
web check in
Please stop da reminder of medicine from tomorrow.
ipl _date_ point table
what is this score
give me the cinemas in my location running this
not now..
sure shilpa
I want to travel from
why is my recharge pemding?
hotel emperial
show other theatres
what is the score now
Mam I want to know the departure time and platform no. of this train from Howrah
i want to know the procedure
when is it expected to start
not recieved
ok next time
Airtel office in Chinchwad ?
what if eng win _date_
hi ankita how u doing?
Can you find the Nearest bus stand from where i can take metro feeder bus
ela unavailable?
guwahati
tommarows matches shedule
reminder for hettich material return
movie list at sion pvr
11}mar
are any ipl matches taking place in chennai
do u know about kashta
pizz hut piizz
Send me bawarchi parcel section menu
i want a reminder at tomorrow 2.15 pm
they didn't send the plumber
Is these fare for 1 person?
hi i want to know beach house for rent in ecr chennai
Can I prebook for Dhoni movie in spi cinemas
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 519515, user_id: 1615368, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
need shop
reviews for john wick
Bank of Baroda bank pls
8 i clock pls
any scheme for bill payment
ohk thnx
tc..bye
on 27th feb still under process
will intimate if need, thanks
highest batting score card for this ipl till now
monday 9:00 am
Want to order a chiken chowmin from 3 q resturant
i did...thanks a lot 😊
royal
near railway stop
Home delivery for sushi
it isn't operational
can u helpe to get hr number of varun motors banglore
see you at semis
is there any chance for rcb to semifinals
hotel's
Hello i want to know the coup code for via to book a flight ticket
seats
Flights on Oct 13 night from Pune to
iam getting bore
Hi, leave your Diwali holiday planning on us. Get best prices for flights, trains or bus tickets and do your bookings with ease on Haptik. Book now :)
boardwalk by flamboyante at alibaugh
i want pune super giants swuad
which teams have their match _date_
ac class
alloot
Are the ICICI Bank open today
hebuli
train for jalgaon to bhusawal currently
can u suggest the same in postpaid?
dubai
"2nd march 2017	6:40 am	6:45 am	7:00 am 	7:15 am	7:30 am	7;45 am	8:00 am	8:15 am	8:30 am	9:00 am	will you schedule all of  these please?😌😌"
i was waiting 4 u.. 😊
Cn u help me out wit dominos coupon for buy one get on free
hahah i thouht u will say we dont talk casually
american pie
rajdhani if u can chk or lko mail
reminder to steal crownit prize
cany tell me the points table of ipl
can i get an update on d score
is booking open for alia's new movie
k thanks
remind me in twenty minutes
which team wll be playing _date_
this is a wrong thing
nice talking to you too,tc.
hi points table of current ipl till now
okie thankyou
i want meala
Dominos pizza delivery today
Morning bus number n  timing from andheri station to veera desai road
anyother shop
detect my current location
after10 minute
Looking for food near marathahalli
want to know estimate fare
available?
which is team favorite _date_
where is qualifier _numeral_ and _numeral_ held
live scores of ind vs bang in icc world cup t _numeral_
kon si team win ho skti h
wer to apply discount coupon
hey i wanted to know whether carrying liquor i'm domestic flight is allowed or not
ooj
atm  cash
okay i ll
orange cap holder
haptik is very bad app
is dhoni the worlds best finisher
sorry... chat got opened by mistake
dli
appolo
love street magic hungry ?
this tym i have not got cash back why
What are flight prices to Bangalore??
Umm... Where seats r available!
plz send me some discount coupon for electricity bill
which movies to be release on 10th and 17th march ...both hollywood and bollywood
rply me
thank u fa remaiđing
what is the departure time of godaan express from ltt
I need an electrician in my home
first let me know which station is nearby to itpl whitefield bangalore
who is leading run scorer
full seat tckt h na... or rac h?
how many runs raina scored
Can you tell me where is the axis bank located at nearby my place
is there any bar nearby?
Require non veg restaurant
okalipuram
Any taxi booking from home to bustand
does this include _date_ s result
out of budget
Hyderabad to Delhi flight one ticket price... sir
sateurday Paltanbazar Me Gold cinema hall me kya kya film hai
as of now. no
hw would these be credited
repeat the wake up call
Tell the daily timing of bus services from chandigarh to reckong peo
how many teams from each group will qualify to the next round
31/03/2017
okay.....
i want good hotels in munnar,kerala
from hot spice near wakil sahab maidan
good morning. my dear archana.
please provide offers in rc
i need to to chennai on 4 march
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 443885, user_id: 1902729, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
09562 ahmedabad to Mumbai 4/10 sl
please cancel my daily reminder
that s the issue i was looking for the playing _numeral_ and my prior query was if irfan pathan will be playing _date_
is there a flight from chandigarh to kolkata
ohk gn
india s todays match full squad
Plan me a Pandharpur trip with accommodation and with train journey from kolhapur.
nearest muncipal commison office
i want to know about departure from bangalore to delhi.
cricket scores
book a cabe for me
movies running in vellore
thank you..
pls remove my daily alarm
tthanks
cancel my train ticket of 29th sep..!
sir mean prepaid payment kese karu uber ka
can u plz tell me whr is the cyber cafe nearby??
top _numeral_ run scorer in ipl _numeral_
i didn't get it
yes please give me updates _time_
attend shanmuk marriage
to book
I want a bike for rent in goa
cheap restaurants in koregaon park
dont want
secbad
wke me up
march 8th
nearby theater ls
flight for mumbai on 19
let me know the ipl schedule
no sir thats why asked
i really disappointed
can i have the review of the movie rangoon
tell me man
Any travels in kolli hills for tour
latest news reminder daily at 9 pm
okay when was our next match
arey mujhe call kar k remind kra skte ho kya
what s d score can you help it out
is there any match updates
i'll try later.
fine great work
was looking at some offers for dth.   lemme know when it happens
hi.. I need to know the schedule of PMPL buses from chakan to phulgaon..
search nearby petrol pump
bom to goi with indigo 6e-981 at 15:35 hrs on mon, 20 mar
add this
muje 1 baat smjhti nhi ..aap log ye gud morning gud night me stamina kyu waste krte hai
Hi how can I book the tickets
yaa fast
2 adults
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 11:56 pm { reminder_list: 644508, user_id: 1966280, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
please remind me to sign acquitance register at 9.20 am tomorrow
b w whom the match is goin on right now
booking tickets offers
call murthy kollapudi top -14 retention
Hi got food under 150?
"26a for ranvir	27a for waris"
can u tell me
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 661091, user_id: 1689770, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
what if i do not want to go anywhere?
Wake up service is ossam
send if u can send 6 seater elvwhical
can you tell me as soon as possible because its so important for me
i am a account holder of central bank so i want central bank atm only
cancel my reminder to drink water
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 12391{product_id:12391_lko_ndls,api_name:trains_api}"
book rly tkt
"		i would like to cancel my to-do: open crownit app for fri, 24 march at 02:57 pm { reminder_list: 604655, user_id: 1699274, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Hi I need a restaurant reservation
Tell me, if there is an offer in airtel broadband bill payment
Need a Reminder to call Mr. Tushar at 10.00 AM tomorrow morning.
what are you replying
what was the last match scorecard
please remind me about news papper ad tomorrow at 10 am .thanks
promocode is not working
cici bank
7.30 am
hello i need to order food
Can u try iru Mugan or thodari in any theater theatre in Chennai today?
How many tickets are available in train no. 11472 jbp to bhopal
sir yai to gmail i'd maag raha h
movie offers
cal me hari my name is hari
What is tarif for idea for std?
Ahmedabad to bangalore
Remind me to watch movie tomro
i mean gujarat and pune playing _numeral_ sqaud
can you please send me the link again
hi khushboo, can you please help me shops which sell hookah pots nearby kharadi pune
any cash back on mobile recharge
don't send me sms from now on
hey i didn't recd. my order yet
any train allahabad to muradabad
thnxx
can u help me...?
Can you help me to book a hotel in Kozhikode?
rcb is not doing well with ball
i am extremely sorry i couldn't pick up your call!
i can get
updated point table
like around 9
flight booking
what s the current status
you are a robot
I need to know the total cost ...for delivery of doughnuts
beaches
no in gangtok i need
Veg meals parcel near my location
i meant i didn't get a call today
Cancel the reminders
hi, i want to see restaurants around me. {task}
of the latter train
no notification
want to cancel ticket
Please set that for me
anjali?
with date time
aap mujhe chittorgarh fort ki details bata sakte hai
near dadar
penguin menu card please
kon jete ga
i wish to go mumbai
time to hit quads
sure this would b great ncheers for india
yes when is tge semi final
charbagh to bhadohi rent of cab
ya ya
gjsjtsjy
please remove this reminder
Are any Volvo
2 min before
next one
Wake me up by 5 in morning anyhow
i want to know the ride estimate before you book
tats is
Bro where is closer oriental bank of commerce
😓😭
What is the  train name of 16126 ???
thanks a lot...
anything about ipl
first batting in sunrisers
I need to have pizza
hi wasim
pls send me reminder everyday
in my place
I am ac freeze mechanic  nizamabad kanteshwar
One way ticket
am i eligible for that offer?
hey, can you help me with flights?{travel_parent}{task}
is der anywhere in blr match is showing in open screen
Yoga classes nearby?
then r u online always
Delhi to chennai
how the pakistani fans reacted after loss to india again _date_ time in world cup
Find me train meerut to ahamdabad
can i get tickets of ipl
nearby cafe's?
Bangkok packages
give me details of all run
Delhi to shirdi plane ticket
find me a nearby kindle garden
want to change the timing of my wakeup call
I am travelling to ballia on 23rd & allahabad on 24th for MH launch
i need you to call on a different number though
kiska wicket gaya
12
other travel mode available train kokankanya
Wine shop? Any nearby
Near by syndicate bank
Beer shopee
hi shubham
wht u dnt give me remindera to drink water
ok ankita
I want to order ahmedabad 15fix lunch
i wanna kiss
can you please remind me to take my wallet?
what is the lowest flight fare for coimbatore to chennai tomorrow
I need to know a salon nearby for spa
mat be
the ride estimate by ola, includes the surcharges, therefore, your statement is completely incirrect
I need Airtel broadband customer care number
a6a
hello neha i want to book room in gandhi nagar gujarat
Is there any offer on dominos
Tickets available for Vijay sethupathi movie
remind me daily to sleep at 11:30 daily
actually would u late me know 1 more thing if u don't mind
i need metro
Is there is any sbi atm nearby?
can book bus from here
Because of strike here in Bangalore buses dint fly yesterday night, so the ticket I booked was unused, can I get my money back...?
thank you nis it possible i could get live score updates _date_
ok will do
code batao
result of previous india matches
it will be same discription
i ll let u kno
_date_ s match results please
Is there anyway to set repeated reminder2
the silver plate
gd block salt lake
No Volvo?
can i pay 19 rs cashback for post paid ??
why don't you go with ola
you know the last match rcb vs srh was fixed
Call me twice
boom uber
any offer available on cab.?
hey i wanted to know the time table of matches of rcb
from 8 th march morning 7:00 am
Bus no
sudama theatre is also there
delhi to bengluru
Where is burger king in surat ?
When will this train 12626 arriving coimbatore
can i need india vs australia 2nd day test match ticket
am i eligible for the 75 rs cashback
Pizza hut
thanku, u were great help n quick enuff
who is bidar karnataka dc
in
I want this reminder also for 20 days
how much did abd scored in sday match
yes i don't know how the ticket books on haptik
Beauty parlour
i have one suggestion for this app
Wer can I get chiken shawarma nearby
9.00am
i want to book the train tickets dear
Pls turn of my 6 pm evening alarm
yesterday i have booked flight ticket
find me nearest sbi cash deposit machine
yea i know that
news
Route map of saroya eye clinic Talwandi opposite Sheela hospital
I need to know bus timing
_date_ match shedule
i am from kolkata
only axis bank atm..
what is distances nashik to thane
how many liters of water we should drink a day
nishant if i want to pay it from my mother's account how do i do that
download bank stmt today at 2 pm
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 07:00 am { reminder_list: 424128, user_id: 1894428, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Chicken biryani near by
I have to order pizza
was srk present in _date_ s match
oru mexican apparatus
Bar and restaurant nearby naraiana vihar.. Late night?
yes. got the work done
Haven't received the order confirmation from Dominos so far?
these are the upcoming matches of kolkata knight riders
Malayalam only
offers for mobile recharge
address doesn't exist in locations
is there any cashback offer for railway??
i want cheapest restaurant in kolkata for my girlfriend
hey, i want to book movie tickets.{task}
so _date_ is mumbai indian match
Want to book hotel in pune
hmmm
who is the man of the match for _date_
in todays both game
but u ve have to give a coupon to a new user
what target did rcb give gl in last match
i wanna know the review too
winning chanses
please share the point table
why i am drink more water
when india will play semi final
thank you wish you the same
cool your full team
What is the cost of flight tickets for Lucknow to Kolkata on 7th November
morning ko iska status bta skte ho aap
since my bank site is down, we will do it tomorrow
Dish tv yearly plan
Any SBI Nearby?
for journey in flight ,is it necessary to take same mobile number that is mention during booking?
todays match timings
i wanted a call reminder for drinking water
receipt
wt you think who will win the match
payment mode
hey what about toss
thank u naresh.
change my drop location to sector 74 noida
please show me trains from bbs to pnbe for sleeper (sl) on 06-03-2017.
PNB Bank my near
always
i need to order chicken triple schezwan rice with some modification
when is india playing again
man
can i use sbi debit card at the time of payment
yes then why did you sent me afridi record
Book movie ticket for me
Planning goa trip
need a cab now
nothing for now,thanks.
in talkies
where is my rech
yes kariye
Domino pizza
plz change the time to 4:30 am
thank u☺
remind me to follow up for idbi account pls
hi yash my name is also yash
I want to book movie tickets of pink
mumbai to varanasi any station
You will give reminder text or ring?
delete that alarm
n whats the score
jo bi aviable hai wo
Remind my friend to come early in the college at 9:00 am tomorrow
it's not credited.
Hi pl. Stop 30 min reminder and keep 1 hr reminder on
set reminder for me plzz
what about rcbvs srh
hubballi
can u confirm with chaitanya lodge in khadakvasla, pune area abt giving room to unmarried couples?
ticket price it i want to see match in banglore
may i know the matches schedule
pale apne likha ride complete hogi tab cash back milega morning ride ka cash back abhi tak nahi aya
i paid to shop with paytm payment failed but my money debited from my bank account what should i do now
i am in search of pratham institute nearby me
playing xi for both teams
are there any offers by ola
yep
you scheduled a visit for today
they told today morning they vill solve my problem
Hey... it's there any deals running on postpaid bill payments
subject is " book renewal"
i want to give my dog for free
Home delivery pf alcohol is available?
non veg restaurant cheap
oka tks
"i have booked flight	i have to web check in"
any close by there????
flight from jaipur to mumbai
who scored maximum and in how many bowls
call ajay sharma at 10 am
do u know rajesh?
k thank u soooooo much madam
hostals
ya it's very good app
no train
Nearest MacDonald cafe
No call pls - just a message
i want it in hindo
i wanna go from allahabad junction to jhushi
Find me train from Patna to New Delhi on 26/09/2016 in 3A Class.
Remind me for booking the above tickets tomorrow morning at 9am
hey ngive me notification if match starts nif possible
Hey, I want to book train tickets.
bb ki vines dekhte ho?
can i get information regarding the nearest beer and wine parlor from my location pls
can you wake me at 12:48am
tell me todays schedule
Fix
chai pe charcha
sunday 5 pm
now i back to my _hotel_ and m able to see the match so do n t need update
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 710657, user_id: 1983451, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
who won in the finals
hey can you send me australian bowling order
tell me score aarav
how many times can i use the flight wala offers
tom marrow in evening
Plz remind me daily to take my medicine at 7.30 pm
ok thnx
i am planning my vacation
i want points table of ipl laliga and english premier league
medicine
plz alert me for exercise
Places to visit in pondicherry
hey please tell me the cheapest flight from pune to jaipur on 28th spetember and 29september
what s present score
My godrej safe locker needs servicing
Daman bus stop
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 05:30 am { reminder_list: 688903, user_id: 1074962, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
or koi spa
eni other places
U mean... 2k for each or for 2rooms
Kungfu panda
pls daily at 8 am when you call me don't say have a great day instead say hare krishna
Birthday reminder
12/30/1899
can you find a cook for me in chennai pallikaranai 600100
wen did ind west indies play their semi finals
With chesse burst
u have heart??
a good hotel
plz tell me the cheapest fligh rates
no sorry reshma
Call me night 9 0clock just a reminder for a call to narendra
non refundable  mean
Can you book a cab?
find me subway food
hey can you cancel wake up alarm for me  of 4:45pm ?
i want to watch the trailer
thank u dear
name of train is
what is the status of 12503
i want train from ghaziabad to deheradun on 8 mar
apply that 75 cash back offer too
pls book the 21st march ticket for 3:55 pm flight
is there any possibility of pune playing in semifinal
"please proceed with below flights -		onward flight - rs.15925	indigo (6e-9615)	hyderabad to madurai	departure: 09:55 am (13 may)	arrival: 11:30 am (13 may)	 {product_id:00a5c5f4792b7cf9f494cfbb269de9ddc9dd564998abdcd410f2febcf1ba30e8b03fe205e6860b1ab8a8c782d51eb72096dd8bf09e425cabb1514d65afd88bfd, api_name:goibibo_api, type:onward_flight, others:onward flight - rs.15925 indigo (6e-9615) hyderabad to madurai departure 0955 am (13 may) arrival 1130 am (13 may) }		return flight - rs.14060	indigo (6e-9616)	madurai to hyderabad	departure: 12:00 pm (17 may)	arrival: 01:30 pm (17 may)	 {product_id:79021b84b840fb61f2786240b46fe54cd0ea5ec9b672259041c05f0bb15b48c9a8a233badf021209a5fa21649d4f007a1b2be23fb0985da6af9a023a120b9d4e, api_name:goibibo_api, type:return_flight, others:return flight - rs.14060 indigo (6e-9616) madurai to hyderabad departure 1200 pm (17 may) arrival 0130 pm (17 may) }"
yes please ser
these match are already done
"		i would like to cancel my call someone reminder for thu, 02 march at 10:15 pm { reminder_list: 684379, user_id: 1976615, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
hi , can you advise me on the 4 star and above hotels near vikhroli it park, mumbai
i would like to book a ticket dwaraka movie
thanks..pooja
i want recharge bt it's not done
Near by bhamriya
i had done cash payment .. so i will get cash back ??
well belated thanks :)
but if i won't recharge anything what benefits will i get?
who is qulified in ipl
cheers we won gn
I have asked to stop reminder
bengluru ksr
"departure city: ndls/new delhi	destination city: lar/lalitpur	date of travel: march 4, 2017	class: sl - sleeper	number of adults: 1"
hey i need helium balloons in number form
jamnagar trian
yhanks
I wanted to book ksrtc tickets from Hyd to blore
"		i would like to cancel my `wish akshaya happy birthday!` reminder for fri, 10 march at 08:00 am { reminder_list: 691399, user_id: 1851297, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
last over score
Any Ireland or Dublin packages available via haptik?
remind me to call avinash for credit check report at 11 am tomorrow
wake me up in 30 mins
how to change payment mode
yess cool lets hope how this works for the first time
Movie tickets
cancel my reminder
i haven't drunk water at on time
i understand that not only you but no one tolerates abusive language
was my last recharge succesful
cng pump
starting now. every two hours.
what do you think who s gon na win
Good restaurants in mira road
please share the score of india and australia
Two rooms
please confirm d detail of trains too
for _numeral_ rs
hoi
Reliance digital express store near me?
are you an artificial intelligence or a robot?
dear haptik kya chiz hai
that would be all
500
will let you know if have to book. thanks manish for your assistance 😊
managed a radio can.thanks.
How do accept payment for train and flight tickets
jolly llb2
We are to planning to stay for 3 nights in goa
Liberty cinema
i need detail of teams who won ipl cup
Hey can i order some food on train, suryanagri express from jodhpur to bandra date of journey 17/9/16
can you check the cheapest flight tomorrow for delhi from kolkata
Hi Shweta can u send me do como best data plan
how are you archana
13237date28-02-2017 patna  kota
Hey need help in booking a bus
Suggest me near Canara bank location
i will go by bus
who has orange amd purple cap
Guwhatit se  channai cantrail tak train kab konsa date me hai full details fej dijiyega.
need taxi or cab for 13 people from udaipur to mountabu
every 30 minutes
Can you stop all the reminders
i want to pay a hotel bill
have all these _numeral_ teams- england india and wi have won tournament once
sometimes i think you are a computer that's reply
i need offer
specific reminder
tickets cancel krna hia
in this no i couldn't talk with a cc officer .pl try
tq shruti
i want to go to puna
Remind me to cut my hair 2.30 PM tomorrow.
can u check for barbique nation thoraipakam
please remove the 4 pm reminder today
hi, i want to reserve a table.{task}
na bol ba marde kuchu
mention not
Hey im travelling to ahemdabad from jodhpur i have a halt for 6 hrs there to catch my flights what all places i cn visit n wer to keep my luggage
please help me to find out flights pune to delhi
hi can i get the reminder sound or alarm
My zone 25% cash back movie tickets booking
Rajkot to Bombay
i would like to cancel my wake up call for wed, 01 march at 05:25 am { reminder_list: 664991, user_id: 1140979, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
transaction was not successful!
plz set my alarm time at 7:30 am today
i am not able to find post office here
what about recent matches
when is ladies indian team match on which channel india pakistan
yes want to report the driver for this journey to ola administration
bnglre wins
but before booking i need to know the cost
May I get the menu
why canceled
any offer on bill payments?
mood off yaar
Cyber cafe or print out shops near sector 16 block A
Check for train from kota to Lucknow
ok.. thanks
looking for a florist
is there any offer in carnival cinema jalandhar
i want to watch it  in city gold satellite
I hv a flight frm banglore to guwahati...@7:30am
also get me price of thomas villa in manali
dadar to ajmer bus
is the match happening here in bangalore
can i ask u 1 thing
specialy domino's
could you help me find places nearby where they sell pocket knives??
kya aap married ho
How to get this movie ticket?
even now is ok
what is the score nz vs pak
can u get me dominos pizza contact pls
hi hottie🎷
Need direct flight
for reminders
please remind me to call mr yusuf at 11 a.m
hahahaha. bro plz check the above txt ...
r u there
26th oct train tickt
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 694834, user_id: 1206027, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
17236 train running status please.  The train which started yesterday
ranchi
why did rps lose
ashram express
hey hiiii
thanks. gd.nt
Flight status 9W816?
ye rahul raj wala domestic trips arrange karta hai ?
I wanted to cancel a bus ticket
my get location
‌hi
is the price inclusive of departure & return for both?
kal kiska match he
pleasure's all mine rehman ;)
plz update me about it
janiganj
satta ka kya bhav hai
Window seat required
which is the good resto bar near my location
Hey I had requested for a daily reminder, it seems it doesn't work anymore, cauz I didn't get a reminder today, can you please gelp
please again send the pickup location of ola
mainaguri w b
whts the match status
is time travel possible?
who is now leading yellow cap
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for every week (mon - fri) at 09:00 am { reminder_list: 690946, user_id: 1974572, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
on 8 march
i will just ask you when i need the scores
what s the required run rate
telangana exp 12723
_numeral_ nd match
suncity
No order
can u suggest me any place where i can take my own alochol and sit
i will be traveling with a cat
any cash back offers?
Are there any passenger trains from ernakulam to kottayam..
I want to book tickets for Nirmala convent Telugu movie
wake me at 5:45 in the morning
plz mail me pdf ticket
pnb ka customer no. kya hai
paytm
List of upcoming movies
nandyal to ch
is there any theater near to me
thanks
roadside eatery, momos in south mumbai
I want reminder from 3 to 12
i want some ip classes for 11th class
movies playing in patiala
i told clearly no need sunday
Studio near me ?
good place to spend some good time with friends on sg highway
pn mane order karta nathi awadatu
need a ps3 repair home service
hi darling
any offers in karnataka
remind me on 26 march at 12 am
i need flight for goi before 1200 hrs
ohh good
okkk i will confirm u shortly...
give me scorecard also mumbai batting
please arrange ticket for _date_ ipl match in banglore
please send the address of restaurant where u have booked
find me rent flat near dlf phase 2 rajarhat kolkata
virat kohli score in this match
can you disable my morning alarm?
i want to buy tickets for next match at dy patil stadium
please check the location
i will pay by haptik wallet
10
destination is velluvanad hospital,ottapalam,palakkad, kerala
location is okalipuram
please proceed{api_name:ola, request_id:crn597659578, confirm:true}
Please remind me i hv recharge my mobile bill by tomorrow
Lg service center
is this after the game between srh and pune
which train is berween 12 to 3 in noon
i m in train  8256765690
okay thank you for information
And what is the fare of skyline
great thank u
Best nonveg restraung in kota
the train at 10:00pm only
14524
what does the points table looks like
Any non veg food here
is this the best flight as per fare
set a bill reminder for everyday at 7 pm
Suggested plan:3.25 GB 3G/4G val 28 Days  Rs 50 talktime. It is available for Rs.776 with 28 validity. You will get Rs.50.0 talktime.
I want suggestion for good food near adabari and malign on area
hi sharon
refundable amt?
how much the fair of pune-patna ?
835895473844 adhar cord number
which team is going to play _date_
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 689592, user_id: 1978764, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
pataya
what the time of _date_ s match
okay,
hi can to tell me. this time any flights chandigarh to shri nagar
mostly from morning 11am till 9.00pm
shruti love u honey
gimme some time..
hi! i'm looking for a repair person.{task}
kya cash available hai ?
logan
muje tume pyar karna he januu
hi suraj
i don't want call reminders for water. can u please deactivate the call thing alone
Sir Give details of majnu movie in ags theater
may i pay punjab state electricity bill
Best cheapest flights to chennai for today by evening
have you sent it?
ipl _numeral_ full schedule
according to you who will win final
cake shop
who will win finals
Train rajendra nagar to danapur today
match shuru ho gaya
i want to known how much charges for 2nd tier ac
narketpally
manglre to gulbarga train details
oh...hi renuka
any recharge offers
and also i want you to do the same tomorrow morning by same time
Multiplex's near me
do you know about veute app?
and evening as well
Need a cab! Dude
total how may six have they hit in ipl _numeral_
did u selected the same coach for the same ?
lasagna
no, not like this
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 03:00 pm { reminder_list: 287836, user_id: 1672423, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
pls remind me to renew my insurance policy on December 20th
wants to do web check in
u did not answer me !!
mumbai tickets
Please turn off my wake up alarm till 13th sept
n how much to win
can refund my money from wallet
oh supetp
hey do u have any refferal code for ola cab
is it computerised answers
gud morning nahi hoti is time
bhulna mat pls...it's urgent
can u tell me the nearest courier service"s in belapur
same to u🙂
i am subhro
flip a coin
is that a pathology lab
any cash back on mobile bill payment
😄
Check ganesh cinemas for movies
jio?
not getting reminders
nearest metro station from rail museum
call at 11am to check papers
please notirlfy me about _date_ s score
hi could you check on my ticket status please
can you tell me best offer on dishtv recharge
i will arrange it later
i need swimming pool centres
Can u help MW the pink movie timming in PVR..inox.
and can you give me water kingdoms and imagica fair rate and timetables details
massage also
lt me knw wen it starts
what is the releasing date
like frm 7 am to 10pm
can u tell d review foe jollyllb?
show me an example of reminder. lets say remind me to open haptik
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sat, 04 march at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 704949-704950-704951-704952-704953-704954-704955-704956-704957-704958, user_id: 1980788, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
meeting at fusion 9 at 7.09pm today
wen is mi lst mtch
Can you tell me the bus timings of AC 388 which starts from Poisar depot to ghatkoper depot
now i need to book another cab
any discount? ??
can you send me action movice
gym center in hyderabad with low price
it's not kamya
okay and please ensure that i want the ticket for bangalore match
can you help me with bus tickets
thank you manal please update me the score regularly
congratulation india won
hi please buk bus ticket
if i take ride will i get both 75 cash back and refferal 50 because i entered  my friend's  refferal code
go to dilshuknagar after 1pm today
it is more than 20kg
is it for 5 persons including driver or excluding driver??
but i check this pnr number on www indian railway .co.in and then prediction confirme
need to send courier
06/03 5pm  mosquito bat
fine great work
can u remind me score of ind vs aus
malayalam
what is current pnr status of farakkha express
can u order domino's pizza
Wake me up everyday
Govindashram dombivali menu
wakeup call at 5.30 am
ok thanks shilpa
i need
mera elektiric  bill pay nahi ho raha hai
ticket price of mumbai insians vs kkr
please again send the pickup location of ola
Make a reminder to call hemant at 4oclock
Hey I am looking to travel from bangalore to kochi on the 11th september
can u plz  wakup me at 5 o clock
charges ?
can u find any computer accessories shop nera my location
okay give me each ball score
why false assurances then
Tell me on which platform 12956 train arrives at borivali?
where is ticket discount  link?
cn u help
Pls find me nearby driving school
tickets now ?
"mr.rajachandrasekar	dob 25/5/1958	adhaar no 538517409720	mr.vinayagamurthy	dob 13/8/1963	adhaar no457846167874	mrs.uma 	dob 1968	adhaar no 611382440903 	mr.syam	dob 22/10/1988"
yo
15th april delhi to pune
1 passenger
is my recharge is sucessful now
kaisi hain aap
i did n t get scores
hai near by beautiful parlour
i want to know what is the price of haircut in designer sec 4
wat is the offer available for tomorrow
can i get live updates of current match
thanks...
Is any train available from Indore to patna
how many matches does a team need to win to get into playoffs in ipl _numeral_
hey does most wicket table look like
it was a great help by haptik
call uma mam
Can u find me dominos
reliance website is still showing that bill is unpaid
no specific
train
i want to know the review of logan movie..
yes everyday morning 9 am medicine have to take
sir web cheq in
i knw i saw the whole match
who should be win _date_
semi final schedule
i don't need need now
wake up alarm
heay
have a good day ahead. take care my archana.
who win the match _date_ night
to domestic airport new delhi
is the opponent team is on the crease
book ticket
2nd march 11408  hey hardik.. tell me the status again
hi i want cheapest flight ticket from lucknow to srinagar
can you please tel abt _date_ s ipl
iam asking abt the flight fare of coming monday
the qualifiers
Seat States
can u give a wake up call to my friend if i pass number to u
where is masala express?
sant to karol bagh
last wiket
chalo ...
score kya hua he
definitely india
karur
Can you book flight ticket
if a pay my cesc electricity bill by pay tm can i will get some discount through u
as i m travelling i ca n t watch
give me match sedule
u too.. thanks
And nakhatrana bus stand
any thing
no i need to change the old reminder
will confirm it tomorrow
on this ride
suggest me a best talking cat aap
i have already done web check-in from ur side
send me live updates of india vs new zealand match
lekin google map me shri motors showroom pda hai
petrol pump hosiarpur
sir score kya hua ha
Check my train pnr status 2322192484
passenger
mi mobile service center
Any cab facility to go to at road guwhati from my location
i would like to know how far is the distance you will cover for food delivery
they will win
good afternoon can i know todays match scheduled
he done my work
i just want to know about seat availability
for cashback
i dont need this water reminder
no round
Flat for rent near by kakadev
yeah this is a good app just checking it out .
its 3:37 a.m.. nd m not feeling sleepy
destination is kasauli but no train goes there
What's the flight charges   From Ahmedabad p
is not getting entered
by mistake aya
hi.. are there any offers with haptik for recharge?
Kalka barmer train ki timing kya hai .
chak it i already give most positive feed back
hi, i'm interested in watching john wick 2. {movie_name:john wick 2}{task}
can u tell me cheapest flight
can you add my shop detail in to your database.
What are the best options to go in diwali vacations
not andheri
reshma
abhi kitne reminder baaki hai mere ispe
save100 cc is not being taken for discount,pl help
Menu of faisal Kawaab company at tikona park
what happened to my refund to bank
is any human operating on mohit named ai?
these are good options... but i don't want to drive much
nice name😃
remind me to make tea at 5:05 pm today
tell me can i make the payment of my mts postpaid dongle from haptik or not ??
can u plz help me with good restaurants around me
How to edit the detail of reminder set
Stop all reminder that i hv set
any recharge coupon available
hey not as such
thank u darling
whts the status of match now
quarter final statics
looking fr ticket discount
Switch off my all alarms
3 marcch
did rps win the recent match
see..check ir first msg in which i have sent me total 6 pending pasks
pls today it is releasing or noy
sorry yaar i am very busy . i am sorry for reply . thank u ur awesome
5758 train kakinada thirupathi pa passenger
looking for buses
for how long this offer's gonna stay?
present match is in which stadium
tatkal me kis train ka hoga... date 3 chahiye
tell me about english teachers around me
paraspur
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 08:00 am { reminder_list: 688092, user_id: 1969326, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
who plays whom _date_
i like your service
Nayagi review
i want know the score
i used 900 hundred out of 11000 on 3rd march ..save it naresh i will see it later...
na its fine
Can I go for another theatre
accuttly i am looking for bhs stop and you give me all detail
Sbi bank branch
wats d error
what is probability of winning gujarat lions _date_
thanks but the link that shared is not allowing to book the ticket
Flight ticket for 25 th September Bhopal to Mumbai
"hey	could you please stop the reminders of water for sometime"
No four persons minimum fare
Hello I need a have food so plz tell me is there somethin near to me or I can order
?😕
it is ahmad baig
remind me on 8th march at 5 pm for fz25
i decided then book tickets.
i need a scheduled deliver in the evening. not now.
Ok now stop the reminders
sure thx.. u 2 hve a gr8 day
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 09:15 pm { reminder_list: 697989, user_id: 1980092, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i need names of companies starting with the letter z in marathahalli bangalore
मूवी देखना है
want
kushal nagar its comes in coorg
please send over all scorecard
monica mem....
remind me for update my accounts
show times at vijayawada
pc 4
any church around
please show me the review of logan movie
hey what s the score for the latest match in wc t _numeral_
from tomorrow please stop the drink water notification ankita
i want pan 4 all veg pizza
pooja will get back you later
where is shruti
give me stats of todays match
tell ne fare only
costly
nuthng fr nw.
recharge not received
Give me a call in the morning & remind me of doing 2 things.
i am find bus stop please help me
"date 05/03/2017 	train no. ...."
forget if
sairat
i want to book flight for local state
up n down fare per head
Room on rent near thane station
8:10 Air India... is that the best fare?
cma libarary timings
plz set a reminder for me to wish marriage anniversary on 10th march morning 00:00... you can inform me on 9th march at 9:00 pm
new zealand will win _date_ my pridiction
nothing as of now... sleeping :)
Find healthy food around me
no no i want a call reminder to drink water
good night!
wan na know how many matches remaining in rajkot can you tell me
please tell this location
mistakenly selected
srh may win ipl this time
cancel my daily reminders
wat time match start
in tatakal
19f is fine
kk thanks
How much does jet airways charge per kg of extra baggage in international flights
no bus tickets
any other theaters
Tea
then how can you help me anyway
about the ipl
my current location is parbhani
who will win match _date_
What are some cool action movies coming out this weekend ?
pune to delhi
show all my reminders
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 683226, user_id: 1976811, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
thanku yash
i don't know if i'm asking you the relevant question but i want to know that where can i get chicken breast in a very cheap rate in bulk
thanks i don't have any tasks other than this
Hello Akash my reservation?
Train ticket for jaipur of dec 8
yes, take care
train is on 12 it seems to srinagar
i m looking for healthy restaurants arround. kandivali west
can you please update me
can u book in tatkal also
please reminde me study
not received cash back
Trains for Haidrabad from Nagpur
want to eat at food stall
i need to go for club
wats the score pa
i'm on a plan for a movie
Need a route map from secundrabad
cn you update me current points table
water drinking
Jhansi
Let me check train tickets for Jaipur for tomorrow evening
Can you order for me.. Online domino
Send me 99 rupees c.u.g plan in Gujarat
not a general one
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sun, 05 march at every 4 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 710967-710968-710969, user_id: 1982381, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
how's you
remind me to recharge for my net pack on 6 march
set a reminder on 10th to pay bill through haptik
wt abt _date_ s schedule
food hotel
2428144964
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sat, 04 march at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 694012-694013-694014-694015-694016-694017, user_id: 1980063, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
nethradhama hospital contact no.
Turn off the remainder
I want the review of Resort Lazy lagoon. GOA.
"please show me one way flights from mumbai to new delhi 		onward date - 21 october"
modify todo
ICICI Bank
the scors
get50
the food was horrible
6.45 am
remaind me to allot carpenter krishna for window ac fitting to koteswarrao garu tomorrow at 10 am
haptik
i need help here
i want my all reminder to be message me no calls please
i have to make payment of my bill through wallet balance
thnx budy
i want time table
not my recharge success
need to recharge my dishtv
kya bro itne din ho gaye ek bhi offer nahi de rahe ho
which teams are playing in todays ipl match
What discount u offer on movies
good evening.. please check
what happened to my query about my query
I want to book flight for a senior citizen
gym mam
Hi Renuka
139
do u have any offer for postpaid bill
pls cancel this
and after reaching the station i would like to book a cab for those places
please send me the board
thanc
thank you.
sure lovely 😘
good morning ms.renuka
PiZZA
hey can you call and ask where the order is
which players out
who will win t _numeral_
Any cheaper flights between 3rd to 8th October ?
what are doing
no thxx
Movies screening in movietime malad today
hi do i get any discount when i recharge for mobile or dth?
Show me the movies playing in chitralaya theatre vizag
bhopl bike rent serivce number
Nearby Eye Specialist
hi good morning
how many times i have to ask you for updates man
the one just finished
when ll delhi metro services start in morning
can you tell me who is best run scorer in todays match
r you a computer ?
RNC-HWH-Siliguri-DBRT train please suggest
~o)
we talks usuaally many peoples here ana there bt some are different than others in crowd... after talk with i came to know u r not part of crowd.
mmm ok ya
Is there option traveling with some bus cost around 3000 per month
and nearby places
not train
book me a cab
i want the reminder for medicine 3 times a day
cn u pls remind me one birthday
which teams will play _date_
arkies
is ab villers still playing
from aurangabad to chinchwad station is there any train this morning
yes nbtw thank you for sharing the schedule
Nearby mosqe
I want sleeper seat. Is it ?
"as i have checked, the cancellation charges are rs 2500 and you will get refund of rs 3446 approximately for the pnr - e7eywv.		proceed for cancellation of this"
are there match in mohali now
wats d present score
_date_ s dream _numeral_ team
is it possible to get only sms reminders ... no calls
my ride is over
12566
tell me about your all channels
bangalore to hyderabad daily train times
hey..i want to cancel my water alert
Can i schedule a wake up call on a different number?
Flight status of indigo 6E-316 for today
can u remind the drinking water remind to my another number ???
naa..thanks a lot!
find library near me
make another alarm at 9:15 am
6th march 2017 10.30 am
I need driver for taxi
3rd march
karnool
i want swimming pool in near my area
who are on batting
sure please share :)
barnahal
i need to order sum thing but food option is not showing
hi can you remind me to get a post box for the home on the 10th of march
please show me trains from sur to bpl for ac 2 tier (2a) on 04-03-2017.
Where can i get tea pomeranian
I need to order food
hey i need to donate clothes.so can you tell any ngo which provide pick up service
can you share the score card
any offer..?
stop remaining drinking water
thank you mate n nupdate me _date_ match also - -
please inform me score every _numeral_ min
scorecard of sunrises hydrabad
Dominos pizza any offer Pune aundh location
hey u
I want to go on diwali at amritsar and simpla
blore to vadodara flight fare to fro /10th or 11 th march
please cheak mumbai to nairobi flight price
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 05:30 am { reminder_list: 326850, user_id: 1792241, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
is that next
Does hotel lalit in Mumbai has complimentary airport pickup and drop?
aisa hi na
link got expired
what happened at eight o clock match
Coupon on food app
who will win dis year
send me soon
Any offers on tata sky recharge? -
that's enough
happieee nyt
any guess who will win this year
i m supposed to get a cash back of rs. 100
please schedule a reminder at 2.55pm today to attend a meeting
send me the number of hathway kandivali branch
last one thing madam.present love is like money and lust but my love honest and pure.i waiting your reply 1day compulsory i will win the my love.i love you meenakshi
o sure
i have to contact
not now.. let me plan and then decide the show time
Any zhoomar shop
why can i recharge
i want this book
akash send me of mumbai match also
how much i have to wait
not score updates but i want news
please show me the scorecard
hi, can you help me find a hotel room?{task}
Subway
sbi atm i want to know near to me
Hey hie..Any BMTC bus from Majestic to Bangalore Airport at night
what the price of garlic cheese bread
so you will be calling me or just a notification will be sent?
good night ☺☺☺☺☺☺
hi what are the updates of _date_ s match
punjab or hyderabad
hi, i'm interested in watching the ghazi attack. {movie_name:the ghazi attack}{task}
Want to know about food menu ...price of meals and booking chages ....for 2 persons
nearby store
show me cheapest flights for 16th apr.{293732}
can u start every day
keep sending me the updates of the indian team matches
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sat, 04 march at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 693529-693530-693531-693532-693533-693534-693535-693536-693537-693538-693539, user_id: 1979944, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
"mobile 8454845040	email amandeep.munial@gmail.com{task}"
no no its very long distance .
who is _date_ batting
Paneer dishes
Tata sky recharge
than 5:50
show me details for business class only
then how can you help me anyway
thanks bro
can you tell me the name of player who took vikets highest in series
from bangalore to dubai on 15th of march
please link it to my paytm for payment
if your not giving reminders at right time
tnk u
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 12701{product_id:12701_cstm_hyb,api_name:trains_api}"
what are u doing
could you please send me the _date_ s match score card
I want to know the min base pack in reliance digital DTH?
send me team members name who r in d todayz match
in paytm there is one coupon for electricity bill.  will send you image
my ticket confirmation
Seat availability?
i am very bored which game you suggest
tanxxxx
will tell later
Is it a confirm ticket
remind again
thanks for the help.
Nandurbar to Nagpur
what's the offerv
ind vs aus toss kisne jita
pubung basti
melissa i didn't get the mail
job done... thanks so much
yes do give me live scores n other match updates
just one thing
perfect thanks! do you guys also have runners to pick something up if required from the stationery?
where is _date_ s match of rcb vs punjab
Hey I ned to no the nearest service centre for Samsung laptops
thank you for help.... i have cancel my plan..
Give me details of train 12485 it's route with stations it takes
please change the reminder of 3:00pm
i toll na time
i want the money to refund to my account
i need
sharadha score please
i have to purchase hp printer cartridge
ch deposit union bank
thank you wish you the same
ok good night samiksha
need only one guy to come
18504
can u make arrangements for a single call reminder
I want the pics of the hotel
Give me some discount on doninoes pizza
since my relative is admitted in that hospital.. i needed hotel as much near as possible
sapt kranti xpr
nope thanks
thanks sumit
can we get latest score of match
ya i just wanna to know which movie is playing now
tell me the players of gujarat lions playing _date_
thanks for setting it up.
hello hardik
your prediction is correct delhi wins
Remind me that I have to fill petrol tomorrow morning.
movie theatres
Freaky Ali shows in Nagpur
Mathurathgam to manarkudi bus time?
may i know charges for that?
update me with the scores nof ind vs pak match
hey can you recommend any other option for sea view restaurant
bro agr maine indonesia ke bank acc. mai paise transfer karne hai toh can you plz tell me the process ki mai kaise indonesia ke bank mai paise transfer kar sakta huu???
dhoni which team
haan
reminder to drink water
i want to order something
packers and movers??
cancel my ride
no thanks bye
am i eligible for 75 cb for 4th ride ?
super pranay
can you update me wid todays match schedule
Hey, set a reminder for me 1.30 PM, to get my watch repaired tomorrow.
we are losing badly
and sahibgunj
sorry my mistak
is that any other reminder
har over me score update kro
show me hotel
no tell me d tickets price
one senior male and one adult lady.fare also.
vehicle (two wheelers ) on rent?
destination. is noida sector 18
current position of ipl teams
Send a pizza
Can you please check the availability of seats in apsrtc super luxury busses....to travel from Hyderabad to nandyal on 4th September
hiii prooja garu
Hi I need to order breakfast
Could you help me to find all the SBI branch around my location
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 12903{product_id:12903_nzm_asr,api_name:trains_api}"
Packages for Ujjain
tow wheeler water services
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 08:30 am { reminder_list: 714756, user_id: 1955825, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
and what are the other _numeral_ teams that have reached into semi finals
sorry meri english khrab hai.. waise mai filal kahi ja nhi rha..agr jrurt pdi to pkka btauga
ohk please do that
i am looking for a mobile shop
Check travel khana app  for trains and check if that frst meal is free for travellers
Which restaurant u can suggest as in five star ?
lpg gas ki jankari bta skte hai
is he in regular team
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 08:00 pm { reminder_list: 711972, user_id: 1982797, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Can I know how much time it takes. From Chennai to united kingdom through flight
and even though orane cap score table
wait lemme book first
deactivate the reminder
Hotel or rooms
jo netuwa grameen m hai
i see ur photo ur soo sweet and insects
how much time it will take for confirmation...
i want 2 vadapav
thank you raunak
is it done
Ghar angan menu
if i want to set a wake up alarm on everyday basis then what i need to do
Pest control
"		i want to know availability and fare in second sitting (2s) in train number 12125{product_id:12125_dr_pune,api_name:trains_api}"
Hey, want to book a plan ticket to delhi
rz 56-d gali no-14 a/5 sadh nagar palam colony new delhi-110045
tomorrow at 3pm
Distance between orion mall and buddha theme park
and infact i asked before taking ride wether i was eliding for cashback on this ride
i need help with hotel booking
Can I order cake
Hello, can you help me find someone who can install my AC in RK Puram area?
map plz
jaa na bhai tu
bhopal to veraval
No ...any offers in dominoz ?
coupon code
i want to know the time of train for jalgaon to burahnpur
Can u tell me recipe of chiken chilly
it was too long i complained
what happened
chat me,..
could you not place the order
cn i knw abt hotel rate
it's pm
i am in chembur tomorrow evening can you please help me out where should i go for coffee or any good place over there
but its not showing luxe cinemas
Cancel my reminders
I want reminders via call
am i eligible for cashback
How to download Hindi movies in websites...
no nono
pune played not well on his last match
i m new here
"		i would like to cancel my to-do: google code jam kickstart2017 for sun, 05 march at 12:00 pm { reminder_list: 629294, user_id: 1138939, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
any changes in teams
can you help me for sending gifts in hyderabad
ticket cost
sorry ..not right now connect u soon
i am going meghalaya from hyderabad
13 march dj chetas concept program is tulip star tickit book
okk done
need a help
i need to see ebi
don't remind me for water
by train
Which has best net plan offer?
I want to order from crazy cheesy
are you there....
can you help me in return ticket
hn
who told you
🎉
See i want to send my scooter to Aurangabad by bus give me option
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for mon, 06 march at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 722325-722326-722327-722328-722329-722330, user_id: 1034515, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
status on kholi
btw who won the game _date_
Indusland bank
how can i use my wallet money
set birthday reminder every year on 4th march at 1 am
ho pranay
Stop all the reminders...
i have not received half the cancellation charges ...as cash back ...it has been 4 days
from aurangabad to nashik
Get me information about msdhoni movie at fun big cinema ulhasnagar
check me fare details
i m not able to pay
firstly where i have to take bus stop
hey, i want to order something for home delivery.{task}
Hello plz tel me the way for going to goa
need passes for t _numeral_ match ind vs pan
ahmdabad se okha ke liye 3/3/2017 ke liye koi train he kya
can uh plzz send me the pic of jammuutavi to ahemdabad express staions chart
my location
please do web check in this
evey day{task}
i want the awards given to player in finals
i want refund amount in my account.
sumit*
punjab and hyderabad
no vil conf and reply
sand me all
Bank of india
near to my lication
train live status of bundelkhnd gwalior express
c mon i asked her to update me with live score of _date_ s match
where is india playing new zealand _date_
well i booked flight from here but seat was not selected. when can i do that
hi sir good day
guntoorodu movie
take charged tomorrow at 8 am
Can u remind me to wish sukanya
if they only install the app can i earn
Cheapest flight rates to Hyderabad
any offer on 2 chicken mcgrill
is there is chance of mumbai indians to come on knock out
i want to do reminder task
my cash back?
over
u mean inspection charges plus repairing charges ...
add a new to-do
Can you check flights from hyd to jaipur on 7 October and 8 october
s3 vanastali puram area
please proceed with below flights -
hi sir good evening
Train timing from wardha to Amravati...
will ur service be charged from me
How to make muradabadi dal
Wana have Goli vadapav can I place an order
Where is my nearest hdfc bank..from my current location
so costly
gid morning
poorna pragna hotel
everyday at 8am
remind me to get some things
any offer for logan
i need to reimburse
remind me abt the same
u must help
is any offers for hdfc card holders?
nice batting by rcb
I need a cake
hey. can you please book me a ola auto
are u human or bot
Reminder call
"flight passenger	phone number: 9322222999	email: vandanamahnot@gmail.com	passenger 1- title: mrs	passenger 1- full name: vandana mahnot"
Hi Monica. I do need to book flight tickets I'm just figuring out the best possible  rate as of now
"departure city: ltt/lokmanyatilak t	destination city: bsb/varanasi jn	date of travel: april 25, 2017	class: sl - sleeper	number of adults: 4"
do they deliver the bicycle at home
how are you.....
Can u tell me at wht time will the show of Days of Tafree inox ghatkopar east end
can only provide my details
give me a live score update for the same match
please genrate the receipt
it is showing in proccess
plz check flight to udaipur
discount coupon?
this is enough
pls give me reminder to call miss dolly on 4th at 10.30 am
i wil get back to you later
Please don't send reminder
full score card please
"		hi, i want to book ubergo {product_id:fd11743e-18ed-4402-bf7b-2cc1182a114b, api_name:uber, product_name:ubergo, seat_count:none}"
in vodafone and idea
team members
i have no  id proof of traveller
scores and the runs scored by players
Send me reminder to take medicine
can yo send me a pic of the scorecard
pl give me updates from pakistan nz match
thanks appreciate it!
behrouz
top hospitals in bellandur
Is there any cheaper flight available
elements pvr
abbo
i want ipl match _numeral_ tickets for _time_ in _numeral_ april _numeral_
I want prepaid internet pack amt for my num
payment gateway is taking long time
vibhuti khand lucknow
send me   pnr status
i just wanted to know the cost
is there any other flight for return in the afternoon?
can you send me my two tickets which i have booked earlier
hi what are you doing
"date: march 3, 2017	time: 5 05 pm"
I want to book tour package
how much schore
hello me
tamil films
Hi ,please activate DND on my number
Hi! Could you please disable the phone service for my reminder?
yesterday someone was helping me with check in
Yaar still the food is not delivered
i boarded 12618 train
puliakulam coimbatore
pls remind me to call syed triplicane
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sun, 05 march at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 722237-722238-722239-722240-722241-722242-722243-722244-722245-722246, user_id: 1985627, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
so rcb is out of the finals right
do immediately urgent for me now
is any service in two wheeler in pune like zoom car
who won in _date_ s match
i have done the booking. thanks anyways
Find me nearest liquor store
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 692398, user_id: 1979570, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
annama any predictions
but dont remind between 2 pm to 5 pm
cheers
between which teams is match scheduled _date_
he will get it for me
can you please tell me scores of _date_ s match of t _numeral_
can i see the full scorecard
Train booking
kal 100 ka recharge kiya tha
i want to book but no offers from ur side
hf
bhahubali 2 kab realise hoga sir
18509 on15.10.2016 on sleeper class reservation
how can i change my name
अभी नहीं मैं आपको बताऊंगा
who is service provider??
so miss you yar
thanks! will let u know when i decide to dineout
not on this number
Can you help me in booking a cab?
is their any nearest rapair services of cars
may i know lowest fare date from puna to nagpur
status of sony tv
Trains from amritsar to bombay
no man
russell market
please give me full scorecard
bullet shwrooms in ghaziabad nd east delhi
worth sharing
no mam , i'm asking about plan details
i want to book a flight for chennai
8156851978 pnr check on this
set a birthday reminder
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 687093, user_id: 1978368, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
surat to tirupati
jungle jumboree for tonight
hi i need cab now share cab
remind me to make a call
Near eye
can u wake me up today at 2 am
okay send me that
hi saumya..
Sakir der waz train tickets for goa for saturday I mean tomorrow
will your eligible for cashback for three rides or not
ragoon
"what about if 		basic service & installation"
Hey bro can you book 30 tickets on 7 th October to ongole simhapuri express
tomorrow evening train booking from hospet to guntakal
"no i guess it's showing more than it usual 	in my ola app it's jus 375 for 2 share"
i am looking for bus service
any offers for recharge
hi pls reminder me tomorrow 11 am of shop act
i want to eat momos at mulund
team delhi players
tell me da last match score
hey please send me score _time_
wanna know about hotel the westin ,pushkar charges
i m frm.dmbvli
u dont serve in varanasi no?
75 rupees off right
Veg restaurant
no needs now
Nearest Ayurveda centre?
aree
powai
from mumbai
who won the match _date_ gujrat kions or rcb
Pune Jaipur express train tickets for 3a ac 3 tier
Can u suggest the best route to reach mehadipatnam
thhaks gaurav
yes please help.
electrician
i need to go for a movie
Pizza for home delivery
any cash back or offer on price ?
yaa
hai i did get my recharge amount
gai
dominos pizza, boring rd, kidwaipuri, patna, bihar, india {note}
Wake me up after 30 mins
I would like to know about if there is any train for goa
shilpa what's the weather today
no cabs available from my origin to destination
Any adhar hotels in 4 star manali in my Budget
sm more
you are malviki
departure: 06:05 am (23 mar)
i don't want
when will yuvraj join srh
_date_ ipl matches please
regarding the refund
where dr.pawan in hazaribag
dtpc ?
where is my cashback
no thnx
yo sweet heart
they wil do 4 gents
can i book tickets in advance
Status of departue of vibhuti express today from howrah
just i want to stay 5,6 hours only
i wnt indiam food restaurant
3 tier ac
can u tell me the charges of ride.
Which is the best restaurant in mumbai sion
hotel with swimingpull
wats the chances of mumbai
Could you make it a table for 6 if possible?
hi please help with a web checkin
Jaipur s Delhi train fare kitta h
kormangala near ngv circle
please update score till d match end
tukmir pur david school se chattarpur mandir tk ka total convence kitna hoga mam
frequency of reminders: 1 hour
Can u find me the best deal for a flight from Mumbai to Kolkatta
aap na itna bataya uske liye sukriya aap ka
wats d match status
wake up call 7am today
pl remove reminder to drink a glass of water thank u
train timinings
Start dnd
yes i've got the reminder now
mac d
All cinema hall in patna
bt all branches r there na
ही
hey please help me with knowing who is the owner of bangalore team this year
what is meaning haptyc?
garden reach
Book me a tatkal ticket
have you any idea that who will win
in pondicherry
i need food delivery
could do show me how many reminders are there for me
lucknow
can you please tell me todays match update
मै कल काउनटर पे जाकर बनाऊगा आपने बहोत मदत की उसके लिए धनयवाद सय
Can u do a web check in please.
wht abt you wht you think who will win the match
Ys book it i nd 2 tickets
i need to look a timing for lakshme theater taverkere
that's all for now
maximum ?
Australia tour package
please let me know 15 minutes before it reaches dadar
call kalki resorts goa and ask if pick and drop services provided and couples allowed
actually i want left side window seat
Hi I need to get a taxi from dehradun airport to Mussorie
leading run scorer still last match
idk
Candel light dinner
could you check what is the prices of mandi in spice bawarchi hotel.. which is in babanagar main road
when will be the next match of india and with whome
i have not received the amount after i cancelled the train ticket
hii sexy
i thought there will be a cashback offer that's why i want to book a ticket
please put in a text
pls book a cab basis earlier confirmation
i am asking what's new in ur new apps update
Cab?
"hi,	i am looking for  a birthday cake home delivery on 7th march delivery time anytime on the same day 	can be of flavour should be 500 gms please get me the cheapest price available for home delivery	message on cake ""happy birthday summaiyya"" 	the address would be	to,	summaiyya momin ansari sabiha	jaffar manzil wing-1,momin baugh 	dargha road	bhiwandi-421302	maharashtra	contact no.	 91 77570 58162		sender	mohammed abdul malik	aurangabad m.s-431001"
i need a good bar and restaurant near me ??
and team squads playing
silchar to tezpur
Postpaid bills
for discount which code should i use
who s bowling right now
thnq
can uhh update score
i got a call!.....i thought it show me a notification..with a long beep
was testing
i wanna knw
can you do tatkal ticket of railway
set another reminder
My nearest SBI bank branch
booking 27/5/217
"		i want to know availability and fare in ac 3 tier (3a) in train number 22482{product_id:22482_dee_ju,api_name:trains_api}"
who will win final
jpr to goa
there is any code for idea postpaid bill
owner of rps
please help
Hi can you do a web check in for me?
can u please call once and check
gudnit mam...
hey just lem me know about kkr next match and inform me on that day
nothing now
who was the wk of mumbai indians in mi vs pune supergiant
_date_ who will won the match
is 2703 the lowest price?
rooftop cafes with hookah
Hiii....tell me some critically acclaimed movies of 2016
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 05:20 am { reminder_list: 688902, user_id: 1074962, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can i recharge from ur app
7 8 or 9 of this month
Carpenter prices
i did not board the train
can i use money from my wallet
I want to plan a trip to Rajasthan
how many rate ghy3 to dehli  fight
hii shreya
I wnt order cake
can you find a federal bank atm?
please sendme dd playing team
Is there any special recharge
madam is a pizzeria jo hum aap se jankari lete hain kya uske hum ko kya karna padega
todays match timing
show times
public libarary chikkalasandra
update me about score please
book a ticket to london,  hawaii
😑
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 09:32 pm { reminder_list: 724122, user_id: 1206027, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
what s d latest score point for ipl
was looking for flights
this is hindi
i want movies list
quick, very fast
pls cancel the alarm
no please do this for thrusday 2 march not for 3rd
send me current point table
hi anjali
i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 12709{product_id:12709_bza_sc,api_name:trains_api}
What is the exact departure time for yeshwantpur express from howrah tonight??
any date. cheapest
if possible, kindly check with the operator n get my work done at the earliest na..please
no thank you not interest in ipl
Hey can you cancel this reminder
i would like to cancel my to-do: reliance mobile bill payment. for tue, 07 march at 11:00 am { reminder_list: 414929, user_id: 1495369, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
Show me train timings from bangalore to hubli
18406 ka waiting kitna he aaj ka
Cancel my reminder of 8 pm
hello malvika
can you help the contract of tv repairor
vodafone car
nelamangala karnataka bank ifsc code
What is the price of traveling from Delhi to xiamen China
hmm...why cant u make it as msg reminder
5 adults 2 kids
Hi I'd ordered food from biriyani adda restaurant from just dial
total money is 2672??
can i get the ipl tickets from anywhere
it would be needful if u help me with d same.
Sunray resort near bhogapuram, cn we get any offers for booking rooms on 08 sep 16
no dear
i want to avail discount on flights ticket as per your fb add
Holiday package manali ,maisuri ,kaushambi, 20000rs my market one persion
any offers for mobile bill payment
yes i would like to proceed
What about sleeper
i find raipur to hydrabaad flight detail
okay 😜
yes check for trains and hotels
Manal domino's guy s not  delivering
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for fri, 03 march at 03:00 pm { reminder_list: 692181, user_id: 1958298, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can we get a confirmed ticket for 15march from kolkata to mumbai
okay okay please stop sending scores now
keep me updated when the match starts
not right now later
hi rajendra..
most run scorer in ipl _numeral_
i have recharged my airtel number with new rs. 145 offer which gives 500mb data daily. do you know how can i check the data i have used for the day?
send me the scores
no other time
Cn u book a table @ olio @ juhu Novotel for 11 ppl @ 8pmtonight
ggn
Where is union bank of India bank code 541168
n when is the finals of this ipl
I want a cab from laxmi township 3, vishranth wadi to reliance mart in kharadi.
ok thank you for reminding. i have cancelled my plan.
should i pay 299 for the booking?
yes please check n book now
_date_ full score with player
i need train tatkal for tomorrow
ita very imp
will let u knw
am i eligible for the cashback
What is the cost of ticket
what is the atm nearby
how many....??
Cheapest ticket it Italy
i want vaigai express train departure
telenor to telenor unlimited 90 days re
i want pizza for free
ubergo isn't available??
tomorrow
sir iwant phone no. of medox technology sec 8noida near hcl
compact juicer in market best quality
vo to aa jata h yr
thanks for reminding me
i love you,..
hi gaurav pls tell near by wine shop from moti bagh delhi
sorry sir, both credit card and net banking, i have tried now again, not succeded, ok then later we will try again, i have to go now.......thanks a lot
i took ride 2 days back. still waiting for cashback
mahim
how much is ticket cost?
now running movie
4/1/2017
18th
don't bother, let it be as it is..thanks a ton....
not got 50 of refer and earn bonus
Bus route from mansarovar to amrapali circle vaishali nagar
buddy which is first finalist of ipl
can u help me where cash available in the near by atms
i will need d updates of d score again soon
Hey, I want to reserve a table.{task}
will u please tell me seats availability in trains from pune to goa between 15th march to 5th april...?
same to you
Dinner near rajouri
it
who is the captain of rcb
Do you deliver pizza??
in which ground the final match is playing
Show me details of the reminder whether it is set properly or not
is there parking space or valet parking ??
ticket ka prize
hey ankita😊
pallavaram bus stop
can you keep me updated with all match results of ipl
useless.
i'll tell you later...
just now i don't want
any offers right now ?
I need goa within. city packages
I want to go on world tour
Have to call Pallavi at 12
I am looking for home delivery of simple north indian thali
delhi stadiumv
lingapalli
fuck off.
I wnt train tming
delhi to patna 4 march
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 06:00 am { reminder_list: 725389, user_id: 1984495, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
okey sweetheart
since yesterday i tried 4 times and every time it failed
whose teem winner of _date_ ipl match
hey wt is d status of
chicken grilled
i want it to be a fullpackage with hotels and everything
i need food in train
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 03:30 pm { reminder_list: 693004, user_id: 1903971, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want more information about live score
who had won _date_
Mi service centre
the points table is not correct
how often do i need servicing for my ac ?
can you help me with my refund process
bangalore to mandya train details  today
Plz check timing of last shivneri AC Volvo from Aurangabad to Pune
when is the matchgoing to start
may i know about my refund atleast now ?
i want to know live score of ipl match
spice n ice
not intrested
abhi mt kro book
how much total matches one team plays
do you have any special offer on recharge???
i have a problem with my screen
"		i would like to cancel my call sai reminder for sat, 04 march at 06:49 pm { reminder_list: 710158, user_id: 1980483, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Remind me for brush
set remider to call abhinav tday at 3 pm
okay do you know any Mainland Chinas in kolkata that is having buffet today for lunch?
sorry by mistake
Hi I need to repair my fridge it's a Panasonic and the mother board needs to be changed can u pls find someone to repair it ?
Show me...
did it
need for 2 adult and 1 child and 1 infant
Irumugan Tamil movie not released in Karnataka??
my location in mahendru post office
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 10:30 am { reminder_list: 726285, user_id: 1947498, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
remind me tomorrow to call adv ashwini awanti for ep case
i want to dismiss all alram for today
any southindian restaurant??
and return back same day
no it's am
i am finding for some sellers to buy some amount of raw material
hello can u please help me
Which is good restaurant near dwarka
if i pay bill from here, and if i apply cashback coupen, where will the cashback will i get.
hi i have paid electricity bill sometime back ... its still under process
i booked for a top up..not a special recharge
Remove all d reminders
_date_ thursday
kon out huaa
not know thanks
if you give me 15% cashback i will definitely book it from you .
any update please
thanks for this
yes keep me updating with score
sbi??
when match started
same flight on 3rd of march
damn pune screwed up real bad
what means pnr
hello ronak wake me up at 9:45 pm
when will be the final ipl match
need hotel in panjim or calangut in budget of 800
pls update me with the status
no i would like to pay my postpaid bill in offer
And also find a gym Near me
can i give request few hours before
how far is kamatipura from grant rd station
Go
y ji its low score
score of warner in last match
i would like to change return flight  time
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 04:45 pm { reminder_list: 584269, user_id: 1946161, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
normal restaurant
mou to baliya
Find  me good hotels under 1000rs in kodaikanal
do it as early as possible
Plz remind me at 6:30 for milk
Medicine delivery at my place
whats the rate of ticket of pune
shruti
asap please
give me details of telugu films newly released one
embroidery machine repair
what's the problem
remind me to call my mom at 2 20 pm
of course
okay
hey can u plss tell nearby motorola authorized service centres
can i recharge for jio?
i need this reminder
largest cricket stadium in india
useless app
yes from the date i have installed
cjb  to hyd
I would like a one day itenary for a trip to hampi.  Also check.  Bus timings
can you help me with nearest electoral office
tuition time 5:50pm
my recharge just failed
dates*
k i will inform u back abt booking tickets...
This was a restaurant booking
water purifier is not working
3.6.2017
pg
any other class besides chair car ?
rockfort exp
help ne to sort it out
i tell you...
which over is this
cancel my wake up call
plz help me
thanks for help
Remind me to attend marriage
ok probabaly he is coning
wicket scored card
my recharge is not yet successful?
_date_ who played
can u find out the  service centre of moto
thankyou shilpa
Cab
burger
from kolkata
thanks for waking me up
preernt scores
No I will go through bus
thanks saumya. this is very helpful.
book  now
Which items are allowed during travelling by flight
Help me with private buses plz
Any discount on movie ticket for upcoming dhoni?
any offer on electric bill payment?
what about csk
musheerabad
ithink yesterday also you only kept the  reminder right?{task}
what was the _date_ s match
I want projectors for hire to watch movies outside
We have Hotel, we r looking for Labour Supplier for our hotel
chowmin
england won the game so sad
Send me train options from guwahati to any where near indore
and who wins _date_ s match
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 02:00 pm { reminder_list: 691997, user_id: 1979413, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
give a list of ethnic wear for man in jamnagar
I need bank of india atm
update match score
_date_ match ticket hai kya
only one movie
bowling scorecard for todays match
pls book
need to book tkt of commander 2 any offer for new user
watz the score
i don't want a cab now..
It was a reminder to meet a frnd. The notification i get mentions about it right?
do you watch cricket
sleeping?
Hi please stop calling for reminders. I am happy with SMS
after 9
i would like to cancel my tickets booked today
steak
right now
ok..wil do tha ks
some other theater
i want to know the seat avalibility of 12280 on 23rd mrch
i wana reading
cafe delight
got a message that i get a 15% cashback recharge coupon sin4k3d4t as a part of recent train ticket booking. however now the coupon is expired.
Cheapest flights from Delhi to darjleing
flight i want
Can you plz remove this reminder at 9am daily to take medicines
aap ka no mil sakta h
Cancel the wakeup call
Want to book 4 tickets for oppam malayalam SM5 multiplex kalyan.
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 06:15 am { reminder_list: 688107, user_id: 1688250, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
8256897036
tell me status of 19718
who r the openerz
i want to travel to tirupati.can you tell me about rules of tirupati darshan
send update after every over
hi! i need to schedule a pick up and drop service. {task}
sorry don't need a cab bit a driver
thank you ankita...!!
And offer code to pay bill for postpaid
not around me
stop water reminders
what will  be total amount payable
sorry little bit busy
any indio domestic flight offer
tmrw matches
farr too high
i don't want any message from this app understand now get losy
can you tell me how to lose weight
i would like to cancel my reminder for sun, 05 march at 08:45 pm { reminder_list: 724876, user_id: 1936755, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
Any hindi movie releasing tomoro ?
don't call in the morning
mum to amd price pls for 3 members
no only today!
Is there a Northern Tadka restaurant in South Bombay?
i want cab from vadodara to ahmedabad
it's fr my relative
where is the best non veg food market
is there any furniture shop nearby
i want to stop the morning 7am alarm..
i have got hp connection to payonline. but getting doubt to get pay option, can u help me.?...
Need a Innova taxi for Lonavala
Web checkin
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 08:30 am { reminder_list: 688689, user_id: 1939494, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Federal bank ATM
actually
"wake up call	date: march 4, 2017	time: 7 55 am"
hi ...need to know whether ola or uber works at agra???
Is there any other train early hours of the day
hey, d cab will come on tym ryt, or shld i schedule it now
which teams are playing _date_
in destination place not available
from Hyderabad to chennai
final score card for pune batting
Please do share the route of train no 12041
guitar classes
wats score wrt now
i have broblem about drink
"pnr:8412699551,train:11017,doj:11-03-17,sl,ltt-vm,dep:12:05,	prakash s,s3 56,	fare:575,sc:0.0 pg ins"
3 tickets
or even before that
Bus from
i want flight ticket from mumbai to jaipur
Samgmeshwer to Goa how much km
You are giving the details for the train coming Bangalore tomorrow.
is _date_ any match
cricket update
that's it shruti, thanks
:(
3032017
Stop my wake up call reminder
not hamdabad
wow
i want to book for 3dates
tell me the end of movie 😬
Ok i want to fix my air conditioner
and playes stats
he is too far away
will let u know in the evening
Upcoming movies in coming week
from ahmedabad to surat
17644 train status today
each room has 4 members
I want to stop the reminder
where is kore beach in safale
dholpur se bhopal ke liye konshi train h
Malayalam movies in new Mumbai
i want to get pancard
keep me updated after every _numeral_ mins
warangal
for information
yes thanks
spa near me
☺
call mandar kasekar on 4th march 2017
Cancel all reminders which are activated
any offers going on
how many overs in delhi innings
Intercity Express
2in
:( sad
to leave office
i want also water activity nd one time travel in cruise
it's there above
which times qualified for play off
i already given u...
near alwar rajasthan hotel
what happened sir recharge success or not
Set reminder for tomorrow at 10 am
avengers 3rd part
wtsup?????☺☺
I want these reminders to stop
"please show me one way flights from goa to hyderabad 		onward date - 29 march"
is this for ipl
tell me the batting line of wi
any cashback on train booking?
1.45
no not needed it's bymistake
andheri west near station
can u tell me the route
i dont want to be in contct
any offers for bill payments
is tickets available for 2 july ac 2 tier today?
Hi [user.name], It's dinner time, get your assistant to order food for you right now! :)
Remind me daily via notification at 8 pm for medicine
you can stop giving updates from now onwards
Ahmedabad airport
savings
upcoming movies list
points table also please
I wont fedral bank wala atm
Any uco bank atm nearby ??
I need cash back or discounts for recharging..
2bhk flats on rent
24 of this months check out 25 night,,,
every 30minits
hi where is best furniture market
remind me in every two hours
thnkuuuu
8156808503
thnku
Message
i don't know you tell me
i need _numeral_ ipl tickets for _numeral_ _numeral_ _numeral_
my code not showing while recharging
Check for tomorrow's shatabdi from kanpur to new delhi 6 morning availibility
"flight booking	departure city: varanasi	arrival city: mumbai	departure date: may 23, 2017	number of adults: 1"
can you give an estimate before fixing
oops
when match is going to start
i said i don't think it's a good idea.. better suggestions plz
who s team win evening mach
do you hv cab facility in jammu
I need a train for today that departs between 2am - 10am
can you please update it to me every _numeral_ min
sea beech near calanguta
iPhone service centre
can u say me which terminal i reach and what is zone 2
okk
so sad
please stop the updates
Can u just tell me the show timings of 'pink' movie in cine polis and Asian cinemas in nizampeth
me jada bat nhi karna chahta
16614 train
grathias mias amicus
mujhe is cirtificate ki jarurat hai kripya app mere dosto ko mere cirtificate de dijiye.
but dont update abt ipl
How long will it take from mangalore airport to mangalore junction railway station by taxi ?
who is top run getter in dis ipl
yeahh..thanks a lot yaar
goa k liye koi trian ha new delhi se
now i m going to sleep please do not disturb
thanks akshay.
Can you book cabs like ola uber
we're is sneha
which restaurant is open for delivery
can you find me nearby print media shops?
i need a plumber!!
can you help me with place to stay near kamathipura mumbai
oh my my it will be a real challenge for lions to score at nearly _numeral_ n nenjoyable match i wish i could afford to watch
ICICI ATM near Stadium cross road?
sanman hotel
oh i forgot to tell i ll go wd uber not ola
Which is the best restaurant at bandra mumbai
always give me statics about each match at it s end
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 709757, user_id: 1983167, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can u book dubai attraction tickets and tours ?
pune to nagpur
give me the review
what do you think can india make it to the finals
dd point table
"we put the alarm in my phone..	what is the use of it"
tell me the lowest fares for a flight on the 16th
What is d offer in reliance jio sim?
pnr status 4541607451
Flight ticket for 25 th  September Bhopal to Mumbai
i mean match updates
same to u
"trip id: 17022432836	sneha ishwar shinde	-	05 mar 17, 16:05	spicejet, 184	pnr: cfc4ve"
I will let u know..jus tell me approximate flight charges for round trip Dubai to Chennai
Please book that onward ticket
hey is there any pregnancy test centre nearby
i need samsung store
I had set a reminder to meet arindam tomorrow
what are chances of pune to get through playoff
kk
just keep me updated with all the matches india will be playing please
just updated me about the winning team
i was see
can pls chk for return also on 28th
And can u please tell me what is the position of my seat like lower middle upper
are there any offers for rangoon?
tell me some good place to enjoy with friends
children movies or today's all movie and their timmings
thank you mam
dindigul. 624001
_date_ kon kon _time_ match
i want to know that is there any eye care nearby me which is opened till night
pune
score soon
ok thanks a lot!
Can u please give me a wake up all on number 7875442624 in 5 mins?
Which are the stops for mangole express?
kaun batting kar raha he
is this offer of getting rs75 valid now
ipl team list please
you are setting wrong reminders
hey can u wake me to tomorrow??
closed
not wake up
can you set reminder of renewing pass monthly ?
chat of winning
before match who got winners
restaurants
remember me to deposit cheque
tomorrow evening 5
Non ac pls
i haven't received my cashback fr yesterday's ride yet
Please call on 9403933331
which teams _date_ play
wake up call kaise hoga
remind me to apply for innovacer by tomorrow, 10 pm.
i want to know offers on
dd played _numeral_ matches
when will be the next ipl match in delhi
you can understand hindi??
I need to book a ticket to Coimbatore for Tomo night in tatkal
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 683226, user_id: 1976811, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
but i will richard iffco chowk 7:30
on 25th feb i have asked for  water remainder alerts
Hey, can you remind me about my upcoming exams?
hi bro
hey sorry pls cancel that
Central bank atm boot nearest location
Flights from chd to blr on 14 Nov 2016
wow kkr is on top
"arre i placed an order through this after eleven	i wanna know where my order is"
vijaya bank atm in btm 2nd stage
yes i would like to get updates every _numeral_ minutes
Puneet can you suggest some good Lake/river side resorts in and around cochin. It is for 4 friends to go
other platform has provide cash back offer
"i want to watch	movie: commando 2"
indian overseas bank
u too.
trying to lose weight
hey riddhi
no i want it
ford services centre in powai
cancel all my reminders
aligarh city
u have any info about nearby bank??
I got my trip cancelled..
wait wait.
can u search for a hotel named hotel amritsar international
shopping places in nagpur
no need to update me now
Sleeper or 3rd ac
dat means to all network right?
Can u tell me the which movie in theatre
Hey...can you tell me where is oppo's service center ?
i need specs shop nearby my area
again thanks😇
no... did not
whom do you want to win _date_
tom at 8pm
plz find me cheapest flights of the month of july to u.s.a
Kfc offers?
good service i like this app
if required i tell u
thank you so much for your assist
lizards?
i will opt later
Chennai to sabhari train on Saturday
kritika kamra
any cash back on cab booking
which wi bat first
any subway near me
please don't call for drinking water
Home theater
fime
23 window left side
Trains are working??
tell fast ple
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 618653, user_id: 1954005, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Airtel store nearby
hi shruthi wake up me by 1pm please
wt r u doing
it is too expensive
hey plz..
i need to know about porting thing in sim
is kanyakumari bangalore express on right time
i want to know 1st year intermediate mpc supplementary exam when
not bavana
😘
not interested. ....i didn't got good response.
okk lite
do you take _numeral_ hr to check live score
hey what was the outcome of todays game
Resorts near Bangalore
There is any roaming pack for Bsnl  mob no
hey already paid still processing from past one week
, null {note}
i want to know my near by obc bank
have great day
"done.	bill paid. thanks.."
may i gt fare for 02 adults from patna to kolkatta and kolkatta to visakhapatnam with connecting flight between 01 jun to 10 jun in defence quota
check swaraj express before 24
i used two rides last week.offer is for current week.
any offers for dth recharge?
give me live score
thank you. have a great day ahead.
tatheer having holiday
can i know who hold s the orange cap
then how much we have to pay for 1917
reminder 1hr
please set a reminder to pay shikha's bill on the 10th of every month
find me train from suratgarh to hanumangarh
deepika wats the status
bhlm
i want her number .....
Need Tiffin services for lunch in nearby areas
Show my reminders
okkk thnxs dear..
where can i register my complaint
for everyday?
thank you all so much
tofay
yes .. this one.. was looking for this address
I want to have black pav bhaji where can I get it
nextra broadband payments
hero kempni ki mestero eskuti ka foto bhej sekte ho
score please akash
tatkal ticket
can you schedule call with notification for water drinking
What about busses??
what is the actual charge and u are take any service charges including this
_date_ kiske jitne ke chance jyada hai
are yeh btaen ki lucknow to agra xperes we pe bus avelabal hai ya nhi
price too high
!
window
schedule of ipl _numeral_
can you help me ?
ovr
no. not now
aditya kulcha express
u tran
98ka jo recharge kiya vo offer tha 98pe 1gb data to vo offer ka hi recharge hua hoga na
whose the man of the match
no ty u idiot
show me the remainder list which i've already set
i want book hotel in bangalore
im busy please update me scores
i want to cancel all reminder
can you put another one?
20th
because the ticket is for her only
what r u doing
ma is recharge kara rhe hooo use ma yea likh ka ahe rhe haaa do not honour is matlab kya hua
Ahmadabad to dwarka by cab or train which is better
Stop eye drop reminder
hey can you give me the points table
can u help me with dat
16/10 ahmedabad se mumbai jane ke liye train me 3 ac me kitna hota hain paisa..??karnavati express 5 am ko jati hain..
hello
dena bank atm
I want to travel Vadodara to indoor 21 St morning....
today i did above recharge
udaipur pvr show time
no thnks
I need confirm ticket puneeth
I m looking for indusind bank atm near my location
hello pls help me to find out the money exchange
yes*
hi komal
no. not now. but thanks for asking
4322395274 please check the pnr status of this no.
Can u  tell me near Panasonic service center
which match is going on
Book 9 tickets plz
you can't reminder me😥
Hey ny offer on cold drink 1 lit bottle
i am existing customer of ola then also i will get cash back
book a sharing cab
wel come.
yes..... i love you
Do you arrange usa tour?
who was the top scorer in the rcb vs gujarat game
8 o clock
ur new update is not good
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 695552, user_id: 1706273, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can you access my fone?
after _date_ over please call me and tell the score
icicles atm
hlw
oke..
ho ok
who won _date_ match npune or bangalore
tats it
it's too expensive
Bey remove my reminders
by the way thanks
i didn't receive
i want free home delivery
any other order under rs. 200
100964144
ovenfresh
hey
no i didn't book any ticket so far
stop rem
Kfc order
can you inform me live score of _date_ ipl match
renigunta to vizag
cam you help me???
what is the score write now?
who has scored highest run in aggregate in t _numeral_ world cop _numeral_
Good Morning ! I need address and route of ICICI prudential office near Neelam Bata area in Faridabad.
this isn't fair..
"u will check d train tickets from nokha(nok) to sec on 2/3/2017 	bikaner express"
Cab from mumbai to lonavala
india pak score
is it for new users only or existing user can also get the benefit
I've already said to cancel this remainder
The wake up alarm didnt rang??
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 06:40 am { reminder_list: 179653, user_id: 1160542, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
just now i have used it. is it possible to use it once again
This is one way I need return for 5 passengers
I need nearby mountain cycle showroom
electrican required for fan repair
sorry i was busy
ipl individual most score list
Can book train tiket for next month
may i know distance between hirekerur to jambur
i want to order from chicken world
aap btaye to pehley
batting score card of bangalore
on friday right?
who are batting on the crese now
Please stop the reminders. Thank you
12815
virat kholis score in this ipl season
Hdfc ATM
of last match
salute to virat true legend _numeral_ n _numeral_ _numeral_ _numeral_ _numeral_ _numeral_
any offer on booking train tickets?
pls share flight timing tomorrow bhopal to delhi with cheap cost ?
can you please tell me location of supplements store in gwalior??
i would like u to inform me about drinking water in every 2hrs
cash
nearby unisex gyms
No intrest in movies...
hnn
ola doesn't have cancellation charges
i want to change my exercise time
Shut down all the reminders
mi or kkr
fortune vallaba hotel banjara hills
"please proceed with below flights -		onward flight - rs.8431	spicejet (sg-264)	kolkata to new delhi	departure: 08:50 pm (10 mar)	arrival: 11:25 pm (10 mar)	 {product_id:d1b50c7823e789065cc37b24e2f2b48c2b2aa48e1d99eafd6fc044175d9e58713e7d72d55398edead187d5747d00a386736551f855c87dc37654e995e98057ef, api_name:goibibo_api, type:onward_flight, others:onward flight - rs.8431 spicejet (sg-264) kolkata to new delhi departure 0850 pm (10 mar) arrival 1125 pm (10 mar) }		return flight - rs.6782	spicejet (sg-263)	new delhi to kolkata	departure: 05:55 am (14 mar)	arrival: 08:05 am (14 mar)	 {product_id:602ab8880a1223292d491ae30644af9434de6f9ad4890f20721c9b5a1bc5144b56263ec8c6a41c36207726cf494f4a9d224354a57fcc472a951faa9ad6be7f59, api_name:goibibo_api, type:return_flight, others:return flight - rs.6782 spicejet (sg-263) new delhi to kolkata departure 0555 am (14 mar) arrival 0805 am (14 mar) }"
Any sleeper bus is here now
will kkr win
vibhuti express train no. 12333 now tell me location
hii. i wanna learn guitar. can u pls help me out to find out any learning center
kindly give information regarding western currency change in bagdogra
14681 NDLS JUC exp
I need to go to Port Moresby(PNG- Papua new Guinea) from Bangalore on November 5 and return on 17th
remind me to drink water for every 2mins
sorry don't cancel
currently not there
seems a tough match
pune me kon kon se players hain
hiiii.  ......commando has been released or not
ritikthepower@gmail.com
would u save address for me
pl set reminder to attain marriage ceremony @ khare club house, sangli, monday 6 march,  11.50 am
march 9 i have meeting remind me @9 am
Reminder on 29sep
kaidi no 150  movie tickets in hyderabad
epicurean restaurant
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 10:40 am { reminder_list: 701762, user_id: 1955462, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
how to reach darjeeling from gangtok ..n it is how much far away from gangtok...
any cash back offer available as of now?
What update for train
is ghazi attack still on theaters?
what is the price of beef kheema roast from agra restaurant camp?
need some more days
hw many overs to go
nettoor
vasundhra
siddharth i want it today
when can i get aadhar card center nearby ?
matches on _date_
Train booking with in 5 days after Laxmi puja from sealdah to jalpaiguri road in sleeper class
Hey can you book cabs?
well actually i'm planning for rameshwar so i'm looking for nearest airport and railway station for actual booking of ticket
which is the expected team to win this match
can you get me 24 e?
Running
malaka spice restaurant
b
any muthoot finance in akkayyapalem
sorry g now strat my tarvel.
one passenger
can you please tell us who won the match of pune vs gujrat
2 hours
i just want to ask how we can book a cab here
thank u ankit
i want to pay mobile bill from your app
yesterday i have booked a cab
what jersey rcb gon na wear _date_ normal one or green
surat to hubli bus is available on 18 of dis month
will use it next month.
when are india s matches scheduled can i get a list of all matches india is going to play and when
Can u also find me the return ticket from cbe to mas on 10 of oct
Suggest me train on 14 sept from thivim to vasai
when i will be notified ?
i want discount
want to watch in bidar city
Are there any coupons for kfc
location ambernath
12264 train details
uttoo
okay, please don't send reminders
2000
can you give contact number of airarabia kochi office
can u call me adii
can you tell me the projected score
Micromax service center Kottayam phone number
ok will try when needed
oh thank u love
to and fro fare
logan?
vanisha..
and is it possible to know which cakes and price of each available there
kool do update me as well
Library near me
i want to use my wallet money to book tickets
kindly keep sending me the updates on _date_ s match
i m not able to find the pickup location of mine
thanks for your help
jungle jumbori
I need budget hotel
Nearest weighbridge
Show me the best bus price for Hyderabad to Mysore today
could you please remind me india next fixtures
can i book an hotel from haptik?
Where is the nearby bakery ?
who won ipl _numeral_
i want second hand insulated water jar..can u tell me from where i buy it?????
the fare is 3514
any where in delhi
any offer on railway bookings?
please arrange new one
Best international tour agencies in coimbatore
will i get 15% cashback on this flight booking
baahubali 2
can you give me the match schedule
thank you pooja. wish u the same
can you help me with the searching of indian bank branches in hyderabad and secunderabad?
reminds me later
most welcome..!
Want to recharge the dish tv for one year .whats d direct link
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 06:43 pm { reminder_list: 695094, user_id: 1933801, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
where can i buy a bandana in dwarka mor
Please inform me whenever there is any Sale of AirIndia, indigo or Jet airways Airlines.
Hi pls stop my water reminders for a time being.
😇😇😇
pl. replay me
i wish india should win
ride now
plz tell me about dr.goutam mistry
send me another  link i have to book flight for august month
Review of this movie s
Plz tell me which telecome compney is giving cheapest 2g data plan in up east for 28 days
surat to ahmedabad
namo venkatesha
just let me know which movies are in mal of mysore
officers club lawns, nagpur contact details
sorry not required for time being , i was just demonstrating the app to some of my friends
udaipur
Hi...I want to travel to Jaipur for diwali from mumbai
near rajaji nagar
it is too costly then
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sun, 05 march at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 724842, user_id: 1986360, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Any train to Chennai from Kolkata on 26th or 27th of September?
This is 3tier AC
Any food delivry here
next saturday at bangalore rcb vs mi
wake me up@ 545 am
can you please provide me with score card of gujrat lions
no, cancel the 6:30 one
gurgaon
har ghante
i am sleeping now
avani mall ki movie cholche
i talked to u
how much team participate in ipl please give me the details
if rcb win this watch at what position they will reach
i was just trying this app
more near to me
what time is suitable to visit
Help me to find a cab service on 29 October from delhi to jaipur
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for everyday at 10:00 pm { reminder_list: 331266, user_id: 1806851, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Airline: GoAir
😐
alarm for food
thank you got it
where is daniel
dullahpur to mau
i don't know
i want to find the nearest hotel
hi remind me to apply at bombay cambridge school at 8.40pm today
reminder call need to be arrange
scorecard of first innings
i would like to know nearby  trends or max
Check the fares for the date 9th and 10th September
My phone is not working
tell me the nearest post office
no problem. thanks
update me with scores every _numeral_ mins please
wo scored
8 times in a day
i need little help regarding marriage certificate process
hey melissa i want to web check-in
thanks and gr8
tumhari
every year i need
Only for 1 tckt or for both the tckts there is off
Can you make a reminder for wwe clash of champions
of previous match
can you help me with _date_ s match score please
Hi pls send me movie timings
hyee reshmi
that this discount is for first time ?
burger
hey, can you find me the nearest medical store?
wts result of rcb
i already sent that, plz check previous conversation
i want go to  pune
2 people will be coming from hyderabad & 2 from vellore.
Afternoon flights
wow that s great and _date_ what time india s match starts
hello kartik
hey pl help me to pay airtel postpaid feb bill
remind me that i have to call moumita at 4.30 pm
i have no liquid cash , can i pay using debit card
wake up
dihulu
flights ticket
i want to go to banglore airport
45 minutes
plz scheule.reminder at 10 am.today to take round
opening ceremony of ipl
need a cab share cab
running status
Airline: Indigo Airlines
offers for cab?
no..thanks😊
seat confirm ke liye im booking ticket before arsikere..
nearby gym
washing machine machanic
what time is the india match
send me the details of kkr all matches details
show timings are available?
don't forget t ...everyday @ 8.30p.m
yes please provide live updates
will it be open?
Trains available in station
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for fri, 03 march at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 691472-691473-691474-691475-691476-691477-691478-691479-691480-691481-691482-691483-691484-691485-691486-691487, user_id: 1979006, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
what is yr name
still recharge is not done
what you are saying
cheapest air ticket to delhi from kolkata for monday 6th march
ride
mobile recharge any offers is there
somwar peth pune
And when I hve to cancel this reminder then?
i want to know about
timings
Malayalam movies
axis atm
i need a specific powder known as fixon .. i want to find a medical store where this is available
and who scored from gugrat lions
please give me the scorecard of bangalore match _date_
who won the toss rishi
rs.75 cashback offer cabs wala kb tak hai???
i want to book train tickets
pnr:8656633675
want to know abt postoffice near
What's the best way to travel to ratlam from chennai
please stop reminder for bae
new restaurant
compared wen i book it on my own
Please remind to ask mom on Monday morning at 8 AM
and one more thing...
give my location
transaction rejected by issuer aa rha h likh kar
not useful
is cashback of flat 75 rs still applicable?
hi umang
want to get some recommendation of bar in barrackpore
Food including
i would like to cancel my wake up call for wed, 01 march at 03:30 am { reminder_list: 663783, user_id: 1111257, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
kapasan to udaipur
finel date
how much ghambir scored _date_
I want some details about cabs
meri ek query hai
yeah sure. thank you
yaa wasim
i need to hire a car 3 days
what's the charge
can u plz
get me about rcb team
hindi m kya hoga sir
tarangdayani@gmail.com
is it possible without internet connection too
achha
its waiting
kya
i need cab for airport terminal one
shiva thapa match info and will he play further
Bbc restaurant
hi shilpa thanks for reminding me about water every day.
i m in hubli nd i m nt finding my electricity provider name in dat list
i want to know whether bmtc buses or private buses will run in bangalore tmrw??
Bed
Can I get 12 SL seats
i want to go to goa
thank your pleasure time sir have a nice day..
ringing please when u remind me
any other cheaper options available
tommorow any time
same to you
free home delivery
please tell me the playing _numeral_ of both the teams rcb and punjab
25th
Find me a bus from rajampet to Hyderabad
I plan to go on oct 28 evening from bangalore to hyderabad and return oct 31 evening
shoprix mall
so.wats the net amount payable ??
thanks mr sachin
rcb team
how to turn off the reminder?
"simple .we 4 people only .	not much costly."
is there any offer for vodafone postpaid bills
"my recharges of 	rs 10 and rs 28 are not done yet kindly see through it"
sorry pickup is wrong
tell me about jio prime subscription offer
no problem i was just needing the info..thank u
is there any restaurants nearby
Pls arrange to wake me at 5.30 in  morning thanks
please add 1 infant
who s the captain of punjab ipl _numeral_
harnam
hey, can you find me the nearest bus stop?{task}
Today releasing movie
whats the description of the reminder
for weekends
make me updated with the live scores
i want to go military hospital jalandhar cantt
how much kholi scored
sey
scooree
book plz
hey what the current score please send update ball to ball
ya 4 star bhi chale ga
hi can  i recharge my data card?
When can I book tatkal tickets
sorry but i dont have much money in my dr. card
after 5 oclk
is there any discount vouchee
can you sugest me good place for todays match
train book
details plz
Send me a contact number of fan repair plz
hii
kotak bank near mira rd station
m out not able now
Pls remind to call that I have a hormone test on 19th September at 7pm
i know mr.harsh..
ok please
sbi bank
anything else !??
kon beding kar raha hai
i want to pay light bill
no can't take a waiting
i want to know whether you book tatkal tickets??
i asked for score
seat availability?
"		i would like to cancel my to-do: to read for everyday at 09:00 am { reminder_list: 582828, user_id: 1944925, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
what about praveen kumar
ipl latest points table please help me with dis
please remind me to make a call at college at 5 pm today.
_time_ match is start
once you will have any offer, lemme know
can u plss remove all my reminders
hello sir..! could you please help me knowing the adventure sports at manali n nearby places .!
Can you help me with the nearest reliance store?
this month
want to cancel the water reminder
bye😊
ok. please let me get back to u
pl confirm.. time  2 to 3 ,i need to fix the door of kitchen only  , i will give him 250 only
vijaya bank atm
can i have resturant's contact no
any offer on electricity bill payment ?
sorry i can't
only
thanks for that reminder now i am going to sleep nic to talk wid you buddy
i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 10:00 am { reminder_list: 203323, user_id: 1029850, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
tum meri wali shilpa ho kya..?
call me now.
yuvi score pla
can you find through oyo
from varanasi
designer saloon in sector 4 nearby
punjab nd delhi match score
when is next natch
i didn't get any notification for this
only bar
if you could include breakfast too
keep me posted wat you can abt cricket
Pls remind me
nt interested
just had
gailpur
view my reminders
"departure city: mumbai	arrival city: hyderabad	departure date: may 26, 2017	return date: may 31, 2017	number of adults: 4"
no , this is too high
dehradun
and do i need an active net connection for this?
can we do metro recharge via haptik
is camera allowed in a ipl match in stadium
we have 3 seats
Andaman nd Pondicherry mai scuba diving hoti hai
thanks a lot for this service
hey bro tomo am having exam tats y am saying otherwise i won't say at all to u
kottakal arya vaidyasala store near me
i want to pay bills
go to go
Remind me to call rajesh rang at 10 am today
nearby patanjali store
ok ankita
Busse from jhansi to kanp
any d l par score
53041 av kaha hia
yes nsame _numeral_ uh
when u will confirm it
vidushi were match going
haircut
remind me to deposit cheque at 11am on monday
i'm tapping but it's not connecting
at a price of rs.250
ohh thank u
Solapur to Hubballi train schedule please on 16'9'16
i want to go janakpuri
what a match yes
no thanks aman
Can you please find me a restaurant near by named saffron
please type in hindi
got any update
good yaar
I need naatukholi biriyani
tadoba express chandrapur se nanded ke liye kab hai
ya thanks a lot
spa or massage parlor
komal ji premaya namah hindi movie hai kya
Maggi
don't like it
where is the axis bank atm?
done
chennai to howrah
sure.done
tarapith
i don't now
also is there any early train
remind me to do at least 3 math sample paper today
no rides as of now
If I web check-in.. will I get the boarding pass at the counter?
how much match mumbai indians have won
Do you have any hotels package in Goa for 3 nights. 28,29 and 30
what time its going to start
do we need to take a boarding pass after web check in if i don't have luggage
computech institute nwada
ya sure dear.
by texting
is there will be cash back
any cashback voucher
have a great day 😊😊
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 07:00 am { reminder_list: 214037, user_id: 1453662, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
ya done
what happened to maxwell
can you tell me who will win _date_ s game
i need home delivery
hey no. the timing couldn't match hence it got canceled
still no cashback
parrys
remind me to call mayur at 8 tonight
tell me _date_ match schedules
call me at 9:30am
hi what s the current score
oye kanishk
Can u once again check for train
gn mahesh
Set a reminder for medicine
kolkata me milegi
delivery right now to my place
send me world cup time table
snooker parlour in agra?
rply fast pls
will u please tell me where i find axis bank atm
sorry, i meant do i have any meetings coming up?
which team won the match last match
daa
9 pm for 4 people
Book cab?
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 05:10 am { reminder_list: 688658, user_id: 1689565, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
won the match
my money
hey whats d score
yappp
i just wanna noe the direct trains from indore to shehdol....on 15th of mar....or may be after 15th doesn't matter but from 15 th
Dear Ms Saraf -Your IndiGo PNR is FFYCTX- 6E 433 27Oct BLRCCU 1035/13106E 958 06Nov CCUBLR 1400/1635 Use our app- http://mobile.goindigo.in to check flt. status or book next time.
with 1 stop over at bkk and a direct flight for return
hey gloria
ok give me options
can you plz stop reminding me for drinking water
"i want to be in bikaner on 2nd may 	total 7 members 	per head 3000 is the budget"
ajj kon sa tem khale ga lpss bataye
3/22/2017
means who out
lemme see...
hi wat s d score
steven smith run
18477
when is the releasing time of logan in india
हेलो
any offer only for me?
Nearby bus
Any star hotel in Sabarimala or surround
Help me to cancel indigo flight ticket
who win the match bangalore yes gujarat
Tamil movies detail
awesome!
you are looking good
transaction failed.
kya m yha se koi books kharid sakta hu kya
i want to pay my connect broadband bill
reply
within one & half hour
bank of barodra near sec 8 dwarka
i might not wake up in single call
drinking.. 😂😛
i need to know about the match
when is india taking on australia
can you tel me score of srh
hey i need metro train timing and fare price for manuvana to chinnaswamy
thnxxx
at 6
has this happened earlier when any customers receipt is not generated
great!
other than dophin in jp park
my phone memory low can't update.
I need the review of days of tafree
i have drinked
first tell me aboute rates
it's one
if you could send me the screencapture
anycode
4329202659
today 2:30am
hiiiii
Panasonic service centre near me???
PVR milap Kandivali
i dint got y refund
find
mera problem abhi tak solve nhi hua
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 09:00 am { reminder_list: 650138, user_id: 1961286, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want to knw amt in empire hotel
Is there any morning shows
can i do jio number recharge?
7am everyday
wat s the score
cash??
call bikas da
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 691551, user_id: 1969387, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
my work got completed
miraj
Have u check in indigo
am in tamil nadu only
do you have any knowledge as to where i can buy a good wodden cot..near basavangudi
so plz inform me
where we can get offers &coupons
ok 👌
whats d win for india
can yiunhelp me retrieve my ticlet i had booked using haptik
Ok do i have any birthday reminder
any match in delhi on sunday
Show me.
i wanna login my ola account
yesterdays match score card
thank u sweetie..wish u r my gf😍
hello again
Best place to eat chicken
Any plan for a year
madurai
how can i get discount on recharge
woww from this time you start assisting
i want send chocolate to my gf
any offers on data on airtel
no.. thank u
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 03:30 pm { reminder_list: 693074, user_id: 1979788, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want one way
any cash back offers for electricity
does papa jones deliver herhere
give me location of swarget theater
reminder for what... u did not mention
hey I need details of pirates voyage restaurant - surat
can you provide me with the eng vs srilanka score
can you get any two available together?
sweetheart i dnt need ny assistant
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 698979, user_id: 1980932, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Syndicate bank nearest to me
Flights deal
today at 9.30 a.m
uski passes chahiye
which team may win _date_
virat kholi run
Trivandrum to bangalore on 6th can I get afternoon flight
Oru muthassi gadha theatres nearby
Planning a trip to Malaysia
any offer for recharges ?
give list
give me new attend data plans for airtel
will it take time?
8 am today  alarm{task}
Tell me business class ticket of etihad from jaipur to london 1 stop ticket on 26th september
any telugu movie
jank puri c 4 jana h
call me today at 4:15 am
someone there?
want to talk with anjli
how will you remind me to drink water
now 9 pm giri nagar to 97 chirag delhi ravidas mandir
What's the total fare ?
San  Francisco flight
lwr r upr brth
when it will started?
frequently
i have all those things
in karimnagar?
Where is mall nearby
remind me to call for gas tomorrow at 10 am
give me sometime
can tell me the route
Please can u tell me the nearest airtel store
it's just these as of now
Looking for BOI atm
is thr _date_ gayle
do you guys provide cabs abroad
please remind me to visit canara bank ashram road at 10:30 am tomorrow
location - ahemdabad near sarkhej
btw who r u?
why u don't selected paytm as payment method
thanks umang
in south mumbai
i can't icici
how arrange my schedule
which theatre
like 300
when match will be start
thank you ronak.. for your service
thanks rohini
find me the cheapest flight
Seat is available na
that is match schedules
tx
what maa to maa..... i told u chennai to guanzou
create a reminder for me to
hai shilpa garu how are you
wake up call
Phone No of night owl restaurant plzz
but i dnt need anythng ryt nw
any discount on recharged
please dnt call for reminding
my details
can you help me anyone in bengaluru near bell road, sanjay nagar, or malleswaram ,who services hawkins pressure cookers
Nearby medical shop
can u please tell me about government hospital near to my location
Andhra bank deposit machine nearby
who is u
i waited for him since 10 o clock but he did not turn up.so i am cancelling the order now.
I wanna plan my goa trip on 10 oct
aap hmari bate record kre he?
to book logan movie ticket
tell me matches in delhi
What's the train ticket price for for mumbai
payment successfully hogya
milk banana
nearest beverage
don't wake me up at night
5 star hotel booking in delhi
yes give me update in every _numeral_ minutes
resorts for alibaug for 13 & 14
Flight tickets  discount
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 07:00 am { reminder_list: 686251, user_id: 1939620, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
आई वांट टू होटल इन माउंट आबू
can you remind me
the atm that u suggested does not have any cash in it
Dominos ,kelkattalai phone number
unable to share
it's not the answer of my question
Can you tell which is best in McDonald's and Dominos
is that offer for train is on???
I want to go dubai
Best offer Airtel
can i pay tata power electricity bill in bombay?
The train is scheduled to depart from Chennai Central at 8.20 PM tonight. I will be keeping you updated on the train live status as well. Have a great day ahead!
and don't cancel it
Can you give me some dominos coupon code
Are there any trains that go from chitoor to knl..  Today  eve
not movies
14th may
how many drink of class water
at the moment it is in sleeper
need a wake up call
how many bowls are left
recently had a tea ?
1320 hrs
Hi can you find any skin doctor nearby me?
train list  bhajana
Looking for restaurant near piplod
what was india s individual player s runs of previous match
i am not new uset
can u pls help me
hiii pooja
to-do list remind me every day
please give me update after every over
need to book another
manish i would like you to help me out with the rate cards for my next flight to new delhi from ghy
sure tell me anyone around khadki railway station bhosari dapodi bopodi aundh road
indore  show  timing
Can I know recent True Story movies??
"please show me return flights from bangalore to new delhi 		onward date - 19 may	return date - 24 may"
Online order possible?
hmm....
already
i already done that
What is my seat number
Trichy to ooty trains
I want ernad express 3rd  ac
latest ipl match point table
i want kollywood
or internet
And plz set another reminder for same at 9 am on 21 September
Dnd msg for bsnl
matlab konsa
will you text me full score card of gujrat lions
tana
can i get the live score updates please
i am getting bore
Asus mobile service center address in Sawai Madhopur?
and scorecard also
i want my 15êshback there was now it is showing expired but ive not yet used
tickets available for that
Hi, can you help with hotel bookings? Varanasi for one night
are there tickets available wankhede and for how much
Search fr sleeper bus for malad to Nagpur
onward flight - rs.2023
Wakeup call 7am today
bro top screenshot app for android mobile
i want live
can i book movie with this wallet
score updates every three balls
too expensive these are
bangalore to goa
whs d match remainungs
would be better
fielding is ridiculous _date_
Book the bus please
can u tell me the number
havent got msg from irctci
am not getting sound on notification
any other matches goin on
tell me the packageamount
in bangalore
cashback??
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for thu, 02 march at 06:45 am { reminder_list: 677576, user_id: 565414, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
verbena for tonitr
singam
please tell me the fare for monrovia to mumbai
train booking
At today 12.00pm reminder  me to study and solve one question  paper
book a uber
beauty parlor
Bom to imphal cheapest ticket flight on tues
hi is here any coupon for booking a train ticket
yes please help me with the details of nearby estate agents
set a reminder after 3 min
hii malavika
_date_ who s matches
cheapest flights from kochi to kolkatta
wen will it get opened
i need distance
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 05:20 am { reminder_list: 713474, user_id: 975430, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Get me the cheapest travel date next month
what do you think who will win the ipl match
SBI please
wow rcb got there entry in top _numeral_
malivika i need help
delhi team members
he is on his way...
jamshedpur eyelex
any furniture shop near me
i don't get cash back for this ride
cdm for hdfc or sbi bank
i had booked table  in boardwalk by flmonte
msedcl ka bill pay ho sakata hai
can you give me link of highlights
hey what does the point table in orange purple cap
continue the same
Delete my one reminder
Renuka pleas schedule a call tomorrow 10 Am with Vikram from Sanskriti school
not now!
show me bing prediction about match
i need a movie
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 525373, user_id: 1927809, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
if you can do every _numeral_ minutes
set reminder
And jaipur to udaipur?
Delhi to Australia air ticket minimum price?
pub
i'm looking for a carpenter....but need to speak to him before he can come over.
than booked it
but i want to confirm one thing first
I want to go for a trip for two days..from guwahati..any good place nearby??
aaya nahi hai aabi tak
Bank near me
When it will reach. Jhansi
gudnyt tc
yes give me every update
old videocon washing machine needs the stand levelling to be made proper or repaired.
where is ky money
How much fare of pvr kaushmi
can i get _numeral_ tickets for the match
Is there a travel agency which can provide a luxury car on hire , to just drop and pick me up from airport.
deepti i think ypu are trying to be funny here
bro send me the current match details
this saturday
What is live status of same train
final ipl
no photos visible for hotel hill top
hi monika
yaa i want to know train b/t rudrapur to haridwar for today
{emoticon}{thumbsup}
one day lover picnic
Train tickets to pune
once this is done please the cancel the earlier tickets too
tanxxxx
my vodafone prepaid card
three cheers for india
once again same problem
I want 2 stop the remainder
good evening.
can i get a schedule of all rcb matches
11.15
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for mon, 06 march at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 723291-723307-723308-723309-723292-723310-723311-723312-723293-723313-723314-723315-723294-723316-723317-723318-723295-723319-723320-723321-723296, user_id: 1985901, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
how many toll will come chennai to theni
order for a combo
okay and next match
or yatra
Stendered chareted bank
Can I have a wake up call?
after evey over you send me image of scoreboard
no preference
Can go give me information abt platform whare train is arriving
tomorrow call them and give me the fee details then
plz search atm near my location
delhi
early morning 23/3/2017 and return on 26/2/2017
wickets
"can u check ths pnr number for me...	8256788839"
i'm hungry
Book tickets in edm 4.10 pm
Nearest Metro station to my location
how should i use wallet money
annual data 3g plans
hi dear
which language preper
Bank of bank atm I'm looking for
is there any restaurant open now
who will be the winner
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sat, 04 march at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 662653-662654-662655-662656-662657-662658, user_id: 1970983, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
it was with the same person i chatted a day before when i enquired about cab services through haptic other than ila and uber.& its u who said ur service is only through ila & uber..then also im getting messages like cash back offers.... it doesn't make sense to me! thats why i asked u about chat history..
hmm tell me something about india vs newzealand match
Need Travelling agency for booking car for intercity rides ?
i cant make a recharge for uttarakhand circle
also tell me top batsmen
time of arrival of train no.. 14006 in CNB?
hey my recharge is not successful i didn't receive any amount in main balance
i. looking for an railway reservation ticket counter
card payment
fare of shatabdi express from mum central to ahmedanad ?
"		i want to know availability and fare in ac chair car (cc) in train number 12009{product_id:12009_bct_st,api_name:trains_api}"
result for _date_
if we book now nd it's not confirmed at least 2days before travelling could we cancel it and what will be the charges
what are the chances of mumbai to qualify for the next round
hi! i need to get pest control done.{task}
i want to change reminder from  5am to 6 am
Cancel the one scheduled at 6.08am
Can you find nearby photo studio?
Set reminder tomorrow at 9AM to call Binoy
Hey i want lenovo service centre number
no. thanks
thanks yash
fir aapna bina smile ke reply kara..
but i want non stop
no mobile recharge plan. when i click browse plan only one two item displayed
please provide me invoice of my booking of flight
no thanks next week
sorry by mistake have selected
Hey, can you find me the nearest samsung mobile service center?
stop sending these coupons please
i want to knw about kkr
hey saumya..
tom matches
is thr any offers
no thats fine
actually its 15 mins from now
any offers on train booking?
okzz
i was asking about medicine reminder
would u like to go for a long drive
if we need score
is there anything available in chalisgaon
Hey we are an unmarried couples travelling to pune this weekend. Could you please tell me any hotels
do you book international flights too?
give me latest points table
thanks but i want to set also morning alarm with this
Pizza menu please who gives delivery
for night
Can u plz help me with the best feasible package for Singapore.?
any team but matches should be in raipur
how are u
u there
same no
evening wali good morning to you
any contact details
hey can u silent all reminder for today
which torrament will start now cricket
thank you!
kindly imform me regarding t _numeral_ final match first
please tell fare
by any chance do you know whether final ipl matches tickets are available or not
i'm looking for kannada movie
Do u book cab?
send me the no of supplier retailer of road cutter machine..
i want to pay my postpaid bill..is there any recharge offers now
thanks muh
can u plzz tell me status of flight for mumbai for next month
Wake up call at 745 tomorrow morning please
4/10/2017
5/3/2017
You can cancel all my reminder for now
how much time i have to wait
Pls help me in deals for 28 oct flight tickets Bengaluru to new delhi
Mujhe kolkata airtel postpaid data card ka plans bata sakte hai?
The money in my account is not refunded yet
say them to bring card machine
in veraval...gir somnath
Can you find me a best bus from bandra East railway station to Asian heart hospital
so how can i paymnt of this ride
hey rcb have _numeral_ points now
no tickets are there
can i get any offers by tomorrow
please continue good work with ball to ball score
need a rental can for 12 hrs
Kolkata flight today
i have changed the log in
please set reminder to wake me up on 01 march between 0645–0830 hours. each reminder to be set five minutes apart
Can I place an order for Pizza?
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 693496, user_id: 1895712, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i don't want to book i want to check only
SMS plan
can u give me any coupon code
_date_ may _numeral_ nrcb vs gujarat
i want one more remainder
The Airtel guy just turned and the problem is resolved
food order
ohh david warner is out kya
and when is the first match
not now...i just want to know is tatkal ticket booking available
can you book ticket for _numeral_ people for _date_ ipl
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 15024{product_id:15024_ypr_gkp,api_name:trains_api}"
Delete all my remainders
aree yaar
ravi
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 06:00 am { reminder_list: 725389, user_id: 1984495, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want tempered formy phone
hello reshma ji
review
that s cool so just keep updating me with the matches and scores
kya bhai ajj match kon jita
nope .thank u
Set me a reminder 3 minutes from now today
please send me the update about toss
latest scores
some more buffets?
hey wasn't i eligible for 15 percent cashback also
sorry sandip but i want help for
k no. is
is there any cashback on mobile recharge
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 06:15 am { reminder_list: 687042, user_id: 1960057, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
deepti ji pls
Train ticket from guwahati to agartala on 5th October
no i pinged by mistake ignore it
is it really
dude i just gave you the details
U cl me with a msg
r u there?
I want to book tatkal ticket
ipl match schedule _date_ match
Aslam
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 12304{product_id:12304_ndls_hwh,api_name:trains_api}"
ook thank u
hey listen me
so will book else where
want to travel later
There is a mistake boarding at yeshwantpur it is written actually my boarding point is coimbathore not yeshwanhpur
todays matches run
stutus ple
departure time
srpl tower 23bp dey street serampoor hooghly 712201
any updates on ipl
this atm not working
kindly share promo code of mobile recharge on 300 or more
can u cancel all the reminders set for me....
tnq u
Update me with all my reminders please.
kohli gone
i want a restaurant near by
need to book a hotel/ restrorent
i want to go out tomorrow. so i want a good recommendation for a nice pub in mumbai
Hotel thats fine
hw mny ovrs leav
orange cap again please
done thank you
sure thanks alot
Offers @ CCD
next match of pune
uchahaar exp.
i prefer raghuveer
chennai to kolkata for two adults and one kid
ur human or system
ac
thanks issue resolved
please book a ticket from vishkapatnam to durg
almost an hr since the order
autoreply mt kriye
every weekday
he's on his way
if possible, i need to know hsr lay out bus stop
Can you get me some discount coupons of dominos?
whose gon na with the match buddy
best lasagna in delhi
remind me for daru party @ 8 pm today
Hi Savitha
are there any patanjali products stores nearby
pl,z remid the birdy
Which movie among this got. The higher review
12640 train routes required up Jolarpettai
can you suggest me a good dhaba nearby
"		i would like to cancel my `wish sujatha happy birthday!` reminder for wed, 08 march at 12:00 am { reminder_list: 691970, user_id: 1968418, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
archana is good
thank for your support
aerobics classes near sahara states jankipuram lucknow
can yu help me finding some good restaurants for  a lunch date
hey, can you help me with flights?{travel_parent}{task}
{emoticon}{thumbsup}
gunturodu
30th march
Cancel the remainder
What about the fare
remind mahendra mixer offer
Wake me up in a minute
can you give me scorecard of punjab innings
want to take a nap
gn you sleep don't do that much of work😁
ok...
uberx means....its a private cab right
i want to explore india...with my girlfriend...
Can you help me get reliance Jio wifi
prabhat ranjan male 30 yrs
how.my money will get detect
gomantak restaurant can't they deliver here ??
thnx for remind me
bakerys
players list of all team
delhi to chandigarh coming thursday morning shatabadi availability status
please let me know the scorecard of ipl
marathi movie and natak
i am getting reminders only when i click on this app
any delivery possible
restaurants open after 1am
please send me scoring after five minuts
my budget is not more 1000rs.
3/1/2017
what is the _date_ s mach score
rajahmundry
yes in between 09.am to 06.pm
byy
it's usable for another cab booking?
sorry chennai to mangalore on april 8
Mujhe airtel ke valence chek net chek no. Or airtel ke sabhi no. Send kiJiye
yash ur great and this app very great and mor useful........thanks
Reliance digital express showroom addresses near to medavakkam
that's great
e7eywv
who is gng to win
Holiday at Thailand with family
Movies n drc theater on Monday
needed _date_ march match
do you have any offer
do you any any discount today?
SBI bank in Munirka
15036 sampark. Kranti
Good movies
Remind me every hour
you good?
i want all match time table
and also tell the current points table of ipl
today movie timing
you told y day you will update _date_ score is it like that p
can you please tell me the nearest metro station from college street, kolkata
ohhhh..sorry...i want to set another subject reminder
i wished her
Dominos no in kalkaji
how much ll it cost
ohh and another match update
Is there any offer to pay airtel postpaid bill
Hey can you help me with some of Vodafone postpaid plans
hi shreya
but what you have sent points table is wrong
very useful
ok..thank you
i won't get recharge
add an new one
Hey, can you help me find a suitable train?
any atm with cash
yes, all done
can you please tell the cheaper cost
can i have any snacky items
8169676378
movie available at city pride ratnagiri?
wats 4dx
thnkyou mohit😀
can you check jaffas biryanis?
show me the players of dd and kkr
Pls don't send me reminders
What is the status of the train Intercity Gulbarga to Raichur?
to buy naphthalene balls at 6 pm today on 3rd march
thnk shilpa
Which train is available from wardha or sevagram to nagpur now
dish
oky tq
i've recharged on my bsnl
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 09:00 am { reminder_list: 714917, user_id: 1978312, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i would like to cancel my wake up call for wed, 01 march at 05:30 am { reminder_list: 664995, user_id: 1140979, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
looking for north indian foods
h r u dear
Flight is on time
Find shades parlour in Mansarovar
please let me know the schedule of _date_ s match
seshadhri express no idea about number
today.
is there a chargeback on recharge of dth
can you guess you will win
provide low fare
give me update of mumbaj punjab match
_date_ match time
no any offer on movi.
near by cyber cafe
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 692814, user_id: 1979648, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can you tell me the last match result
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 05:44 am { reminder_list: 724621, user_id: 1972987, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
hey ! sachin ! can i have dhoni
i m going to jalaun
when was the next match
please ankita cancel my alarm
who score
what time does ind vs pak match start
Needing battery wire
What's the cost of flight ticket from Kochi to Toronto
u also have a glass of water and be hydrated
your team is also playing _date_
how
tarak mehta ki death ho gyi kya
set reminder to print question papers
navsari to ahmedabaad
remove my scheduled alarm
Aldrin, I am looking for a restaurant of min. order of Rs. 150
can u just remind me every day at 10 pm for my medicine by calling me
freecharge offers
Can you find show timings at R. K. mall in Raipur
ye rahul raj wala domestic trips arrange karta hai ?
On which platform will hampi express from Mysore departs ?
can i have any offers for recharge
Hey I want to go to Bali with my wife for 5 days so can you help me out in this want to go in oct 7
thank you for the updates ngv me updates till d end of mach
I want coupon of ola
sorry i am not satisfied with u
tmr don't remind me to wake up
hey what s the condition about _date_ s match it s raining na
blackberry mobile service centre
ya i receive call
Contact number of nashik road travels
Can I set auto reminders or is it done from your end
what is rate of per km
please send me point tbl
i did get any reply mam....shall i fill the form once again....
hyderabad
Can u arrange me a uber trip in Mysore from railway station to saraswatipuram
yes pls check
return date - 17 april
monika
Remove alarm set at 8 am
with the gap of one hour
is coupon code applied in this ride ?
i would like to watch movie in telugu
is a match going on
cancel this make it 8 30
can you suggest me.. how many time to comes of pizza in my home
no let me know when offers are there.
sagar ratna
i have flight on 31st march from guwahati airport,if i will book palacia inn then is there any taxi available to go to airport at morning time. bcoz my flight time is 6.45 morning.
call airtel tomorrow at 9 pm
thnx every one
who will win this
hiiiiiiiii
looking for a driver out station
what about the other semi final match between which teams
But i want to set one more task
pajero sport car price kya hai
who is esha gupta in the film
that's all for now :)
i want to know its conformed right
when i was using haptic long before it had customer support for airtel idea bsnl etc
but if u say some num i'll give that many stars for u
in 5rs maggi oly vil cum,, y not recharge
Iam in purasaiwalkam. ..please dindugal thalappakatti restaurant nearest
when she will be back
trains availability from srikakulam to visakhapatnam for today
sure... thank you varsha...
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 09:00 am { reminder_list: 601293, user_id: 1288809, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Can u call 9826870351 and tell them to deliver 4sandwich to ahinsa vihar 110
mumbai indians vs rising pune supergiants
Okay how much ticket cost of the train
once i recharged with 99
......ff
i need to pay my postpaid mob bill
Ok book for coromandal exp
i stay in karolbagh and it's so service centres are so far
bill scanning for relocation...today at 7:30 pm
hi want a coupon code for amazon
mam plz can u give me gate no also
haai
any offer on payment of bills
i want to know something
i want know what is time for wake up
did you understood what i m trying to you?
yen
wat about match scheduleds
can i get the bet _numeral_ rates
ok send me on the application only
pls cancel both the medicine reminders
Nearby best mobile shops
will india capable to win the tournament
Can i have the recipe of shahi paneer??
are u aerious
hmm
Please book tatkal ticket for friend and I am sent ID now so that get reddy to Ticket
"task: nilesh k .n ko call karna hai	date: march 6,2017	time: 11 00 am"
Remind me to check galaxy app for big basket offers and order grocery immediately by 4 pm again on 6pm today
okay update me with live scores details
thank-you but i just finished the web check-in of the flight......i will need your assistance for the jet airways flight web check-in on 11 departing from delhi
i am from gurgaon
thanks for information
hello sir i have one ro purifier which i want to get installed in my kitchen
rates are very high
what about bus
"		i would like to cancel my to-do: mooc report for fri, 10 march at 11:30 pm { reminder_list: 684028, user_id: 1977548, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
😘😘😘😘
_date_ s line up for the match
yees ty
love you sneha
Lenovo service center
Any Union bank of India atm?
Hey can u help me with the buses
Closest Axis Bank ATM
need home delivery
हेल्लो
i can't belive this
kazipat
My money is not refunded yet
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 610916, user_id: 1955133, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
Hi can you pls web check in for me
virtara
tatkla
what about to book ticket for _date_ match at mohali
16th aprail
why is there no match _date_
hey i want to stop water reminders
Would you please help me with the current running status of the train number 25910.
wait how will you wake me up
yes get me the updates of this match
U can say any restaurant name
bhjgff
Cab book
remind me at 9.20am on saturday to attend the patient of mine
fix it for tomorrow
mistake
"patli to aligarh	by bus route ?"
nothong else
another wakeup call at 300 hrs
Please cancel this wake up alarm
wanted to get in touch with the haptik customer care representative
morr
dasari
haley chodu scored ke
i am unable to find
What the Hell y is my wake alarm set of 8.p.m.
not interested right now. thanks.
thank you deepti
is there any offers available for recharge?
ok thank-you
i need electritions
n date of travel wud b from24 to 27 march any dates wen 10 no of tkts available
shopping malls
it has failed ..can u refund it plz
yaa with us
give me score updates after every over
I want to book ticket
what is the best place hotel and price in goa now
thank-you but i just finished the web check-in of the flight......i will need your assistance for the jet airways flight web check-in on 11 departing from delhi
actually yesterday rashmi guided me but i couldn't do that.
search flr capitol express
"hii 	any offer for cab booking ?"
yes,  at 6:30pm today
Reminder for botany at 9 tonight
hw r u?
nothing at this moment
nagpur
flight from delhi to israel
_date_ match about
what's the best deal i can get??
from food souk
can you keep mee updated with the scores
kitni late hi maddam gorakhdham abhi
kal kiska metch he
are there any coupon codes or offers for me for payment of postpaid bills
tell me runs scored by virat kohki
100 k recharge pe coupon code apply kiya tha
or eve
on ticket fare
who wins _date_ match
non veg
Hi can u please check the availability of seat in train on sep5th from Coimbatore to Chennai
12304 status
can i get cab now
any required i will assist u
can u do me another favour
who is the top scorer so far
Cancel my water drink reminders
agar mene reservation kia hai or waiting arhi h or vo clear ni hui to fir
Spa?
share nearest medical store
wake me at 7.30
Discount on pizza
timing of pathankot to amritsar
i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 12581{product_id:12581_gyn_ndls,api_name:trains_api}
thanks suraj for wake up me
ok that's it thanks
🙂
hi, i'm interested in watching split. {movie_name:split}{task}
where is sarvana bhawan
rating
show
thank you ☺️
every month i need remainder
Sir  jaipur  to  kolkata  ya  Delhi  to  kolkata  me  chepest  offers  aye  to  bta  dizeye
need train time from thanjavur to chennai in night
Cinepolis cinemax
_date_ s mach
Tell me best discount or cashback offers for bill payment of Tata docomo
tu dariya hai gehra, gehri teri aankhen. teri ankhon main  khogaye, jitne tujhko jhaanken
Any good hotel in Nagpur for paratha
change my location
Train no12610 check ticket availability on29 September
make it 12:10pm
i dnt get notifications anywyas
I booked the tkts
any predictions of _date_ s match who ll win
518 mohatta market palton road  Shawn travels
I want fair train no 12962 avantika axp ujaain to surat 3 tair ac
3/8/2017
ok you can proceed
near begumpet
tax refundable fee available
Hey, can you tell me the trains from Ernakulam Junction to Thiruvananthapuram Central in the next 3 hours? It's a bit urgent
ok np
help me with the tickets
mysore road
i would like to cancel my reminder for wed, 01 march at 08:00 pm { reminder_list: 655448, user_id: 1689770, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
Can you order on my behalf?
Distance between BIJAPUR and hospet
to book logan movie ticket
all relese movie
less
money add nhi hui hai
show me live deatils about the match going on
Upcoming movies and their release dates
Any seat availability  in 12370 in totkal  quota on 22-09-16
offer is good..but now i don't have any schedule for journey
help me finding driving schools nearby me
no buses?
rcb points not updated
i need list of station name from virar to boisar
will smith play again
no thanks i am in dubai
ms dhoni is in which team
Intex aqua mobile service center
"		i would like to cancel my to-do: it's time for archna for thu, 09 march at 05:00 am { reminder_list: 722044, user_id: 1985543, task_name: to_do, offset: 5, api_name: exotel }"
is it located in chittaranjan park?
destination panchgani
scorecard full both teams please
"hey here	please keep off the reminded for my medicine"
hey remind me to call shreyas at 11:45 am today
I wana book a bus ticket
please show me trains from sbc to tpty for sleeper (sl) on 18-03-2017.
bro just tell me when will the booking for july 2 tickets will start
please provide promocodes offer for me
I need to have lunch in good nearby restaurant can you help me?
iam already uber user
Cancel my ticket
Movies running in pollachi theater
you are watching movie
fir bhi who will win
any offer for postpaid
uber or ola
no alarms for tomorrow because tomorrow is sunday
hi tell me the nearest open petrol bunk near secunderabad railway station
is this just notification or call too????
I found booking directly from indigo site is giving me an allowance of 25 kg luggage
ok..plz remind me to call rohit in next 1 hr.:-)
dwraka rewie
pls book with my lsst pick up and drop
i want near by hostels
go to hell
Udaipur me a66a resort konsa hai?
need more tips
plan canceled
thank you puneet
i can't change date manually
what is timing allahabad
i need hdfc
"please proceed with below flights -		onward flight - rs.5345	indigo (6e-733)	lucknow to new delhi	departure: 09:05 am (10 mar)	arrival: 10:20 am (10 mar)		indigo (6e-575)	new delhi to hyderabad	departure: 01:10 pm (10 mar)	arrival: 03:20 pm (10 mar)	 {product_id:deb9123682b598f328db98046ec37e584cc84942d611b5c12307faa27e84de72e550496707463ea77b52c2801400deb3d77689f9d68ee11b0251b43df9ce45ff, api_name:goibibo_api, type:onward_flight, others:onward flight - rs.5345 indigo (6e-733) lucknow to new delhi departure 0905 am (10 mar) arrival 1020 am (10 mar)  indigo (6e-575) new delhi to hyderabad departure 0110 pm (10 mar) arrival 0320 pm (10 mar) }"
i just want information
i want to know  if there is any aerobic class near to dalmia college malad west
yaa i want to, but u told there was some error
Hi i got a reminder from you
grt
hello khushboo good morning
can i get finals tickets
Is there rajadhani express from Mangalore to kottayam.if there kindly give me timings
_date_ which teams will play in hyderabad
thanks alot :)
"		i would like to view more reminders. { user_id: 1801850, offset: 5, api_name: exotel }"
done i changed it
our aapka bhi
are there any discount offers going on to pay electricity bill
cancel the medicine reminder also please.
are tickets available for todays match
Yes please check room availability
not now ...but very soon...
Sri Vishnu theatre location
Trains towards Goa from Pune
bharat me dekhna hai
united bank of india atm
I want to know the nearest orginal Apple Store in dilshuknagar
Wake me up sharp at 5 today morning
i want below 2000 ticket
Delhi to bankog  totaltime
sad supporting mumbai indians
I want a call reminder
Near geetha restaurant
how to reach there?
gorakhpur
who team bating
parrys
i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 04:30 am { reminder_list: 487201, user_id: 1861956, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
is there bus from bhopal to indore at 2 am
kamayini
search me a nearest halls or water place from nandi hill
whom do you think win the game
Show me train from khopoli to titwala
i need some offers to do dth recharge
ya say
what is the today time of azimabad express.... patna to ahmadabad.
I need to book film ticket in Chennai for kidaru
nope .. thanks
send it again
who scores highest run in rcb
so jaaooooo
who one the ipl match last night
Reminder to call Ayush girish Balaji
my class is tommorow at 1pm do call me
who all are going to next stage
ill confirm and say
all birthdays
can you tell me in how many overs and please update me with the score
how many matches are _date_
Flight option from Ahmedabad to Mumbai on 21st September morning
have a gud day
Yes trichy to karaikal
call dipakbhai at 10.05 am
What is the status of pragati express???
i will wait
Hi I need a ticket from Kottayam to Bangalore after 7 pm on 28sep
ac chair car
set reminder to drink water only on weekends
I need bank of baroda cash deposit machine
any offer for today
pakka utha dena khushboo
shraddha score
i would like to cancel my call reminder reminder for everyday at 10:45 am { reminder_list: 415986, user_id: 1887988, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
its sunday today m on free at home
when u are done show me all my reminders
thanx to remind me
copune
kaise ho aap ?
hi pankaj. i would like to book thatkal train ticket for tomorrow journey. can you please help me
today's alarm at 8 am
is this the latest table
Remind me to recharge tomorrow@11 am
Sofa cleaner ?
how much in terms of .money?
Nearby electronic store
why do n t you please tell the score always with overs -
we need to discuss lot abt match
Stop reminder
6thmarch
I want a cab from amity university kolkata to baguiati
not me
did mi win _date_
hey send me points table
it's a buffet?
"		i would like to view more reminders. { user_id: 1656514, offset: 5, api_name: exotel }"
I want a best offer for Kolkata to chennai
countinous match ka score chahiye mujhe please bhejo
rc for 7676246823 idea karnataka
i have deleted it !
akhora moll
01107 or 08
17229
Goa complete package for 2 people
meenakshi i forgot to mention phone number in my deliver address.....do u have the facility to update it with them
how can u forget
Tell me full talk time plan for airtel
Is there any train from rudrapur city to gaya?
lost match
no no i had already booked the service yesterday
Stop that reminder
i will wait until tickets below 1700. tell me later
i wanna now hotel rooms
Y;ou aint woke me up
hi what can i order at this hour?
"hiii	is there any ticket to go to patna on 10-11th march ?"
are u mad
its good
time is 2 pm
next rcb match in bangalore
please send maruthi show room phone number shimoga
can you help me with gujrat n hyderabad last match _numeral_ match score board
Are there not any more flights to Delhi?
Can you suggest me the cheapest flight to new delhi tomorrow?
Can u call me friend
to mje ye account deactivte krnnahoga
hi saurabh the _date_ season of the ipl took off this past saturday and as always your assistant has you covered just message here on the new ipl channel for _date_ updates
dont want a call can u please send the sms??
2428786518{task}
my location is not correct
Gimme dominos no.
bhadara
hei may i have the show time of the film 'oru mexican aparatha' in muvatupuzha
cance tommorrow wake up
remind me of eating fusys  today at 8 pm
I want list of buses from Rajkot To Ahmedabad with timings for Today.
remind me to take my admit card tomorrow...at 11.am
come on dont you know god
tommo@5pm
i want next neatest railway station
in mobile recharge
75 rs. off on this right?
any offers in one ticket !!
"sali 75 rs to cashback diya hi nhi 		bhikhari ki aulad"
when is the semi final
ipl cricket
i many time tomoroww live updated she asked me why you r asking same qustion
I want flight from pune to Jaipur
kon jinkel
thanks deepti for booking cab for me, it was very convenient
good night..
tell me where it is 227
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 681759, user_id: 1976751, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
logan movie offer
no but any info i need defently i will msg you
gm sandeep
can you please tell m how much they scored in _numeral_ overs
biryani
akshay haptik me pehle online foods ordr hota tha..ab uska koi option kyu nhi aa rha
"schedule this for monday to friday	for morning 9 to evening 6"
we are not able to speak ..to v care..
Cancel all wake up alarm
current batsmen
hey thanks alot
i mean india women s score
heyy shruthi any offers on tickets for logan ??
are there any offers for logan?
you kkr in _date_ position
recharge not received yet
you know anandapura circle and kalkere cross right.....
but didn't get confirmation
hey, i need help
what is the prize for man of the tournament
secunderabad to vizag
Need Electrician
i want to book my show
I need 2 pork burgers from goofy
Do I have to book a ticket for my pet as well when I take the train from Mumbai to goa
Do u give me the flight tckt details
let me know who wins toss
i have some work will msg u letter
Cheap tickets
wake me up at 7 pm today
tell me the full score card and over too
meenakshi ji how are you
ok..thanks
ticket pay kitne ka
3:35,3:40,3:45 also
Is Domino's pizza online order available?
is it real time chat or automated
i actually want to go to nashik
ccu to biju
please dont wake me up
_date_ match b w rcb v s kkr nnaah
england score
for cab
Set a reminder on 24/09 for checking reservation n ofc expenses
It is required to get a notification sounds as unable to get proper reminder
I want to go to hyderabad from mumbai
and league table
veg thali
is there any vinyl flooring shop nearby
i need for kalyan in mumbai
yes sure
nd which players are playing
no i want to book ticket as per above details but it should be confirm
yup took it
can you please help me find a good place for hangout in western line
remind me blazer stitching at 2:00
November last week planning to go to Thailand or similar
what time is match gon na start for india
can i have updates
Please stop these reminders now..
fornication movies
optical shop
i need better deals
i am looking for judo or jiu jitsu classes in koramangala
please tell me _date_ s match review
hi remind me to buy med. telma 20 today at 11 am
that is all. how will i be reminded ?
was recharge of 99 successful?
zhengzhou
didn't get a call
I need to go to the event by train ,let me know where to get down - phoenix city from dom
pune superjaints shedule
ok..thank you
Ohh then who will book the tickets?
Any offer for flights from Bom to bbi
bus stop of allahabad
I need sleeper
rcb on _date_ woo
delhi ka player list
its 16 kms, not 26
Nearest metro station from delhi cantt
iam getting an issue
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sat, 04 march at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 707944-707945-707946, user_id: 1982320, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
sbi atm
just help me with another recharge
dont cancel drinking water reminder
places to visit in sector 17 chandigarh?
but it s full squad
whats gujarat lions team
_date_ s winner
are there any more?
i will drink
when is the west indies match
please do update me _date_
hii can u remind me to was clothes at 6 pm today
logan review
no thanks...i m giving you 4 star..
Which theatre
mussoorie
any cabs in my location
"		i would like to cancel my to-do: collect amounts for mon, 06 march at 07:30 pm { reminder_list: 725575, user_id: 1986510, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
sorry galti se send ho gya
don't remind me anymore
i want to turn off my daily wake up call
i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 19708{product_id:19708_adi_bdts,api_name:trains_api}
rajkot to mumbai flight on may 5,2017
three mounths have 2000
who do you think will win ipl _numeral_
thank you who do you think will win i bet for mumbai
Seat no?
benglor she furkating kitna din lagega
Carpenter local
i want to send my wallet balance to bank ac
from bhubaneswar to bangalore
no make only one reminded of all week day at 4:30
once again
order is placed
any other deal
which is the best team of ipl _numeral_
i am fine
Nearby icici bank
i want to know the fare of cabs.
please update me _date_ s match schedule
any nearby hotels
😂
new movie ki cholche
Will this train halt at borivali ??
My window AC display is showing E2
Schedule of these buses
i need one hair stylist asap for wedding is it possible ?
little long like 11 am to 11 pm
artificial intelligence
name of the team for rohit sharma have won the ipl tropy
Plan my trip to sikkim
now
can you tell me that where i buy online ipl ticket
no old reminders
8 30 am today
score card can you show
don't call me
near my location any availability
gardner
boss send some places which will near by pgi !!
hello. can you remove all my reminders
for 4 people
I want to order grocery
to give feedback
it's oki
hii good morning
you call on 9820033391
my last transaction failed
😍😘😘😘😘😘😘😘
aapki humesha match ke time pe hi duty rehti hai
really cool app
jio
m sorry
not always
at 11:30 am
Hey i want to go gandhinagar from Ahmedabad
search in kavali
check na
hey i actually reached home at the right time _numeral_ balls wow yes india won thank you for the timely updates have a good night
this is final chart or it may change again.
Want to eat dal bati churma
which teams match is there _date_
Stop reminders
name of all teams with the name of their captains and the current ranking
please get me a ola
guntur
please schedule the appointment with venkatesh for house rent in srnagar colony
no that was by mistake
Cab bookings too?
Can u find a bus and flight from delhi to pantnagar on 29 oct
Nearest central bank atm
i need it urgently
need*
anything else on recharge?
hey puneet i just want to know the cheapest flight tickets as of 17th april 2017 in the evening
okye..
How can I watch waiting
me*
yea
Is seats available in this flight.?
none of the above
from 9am to 9 pm remind me drink 1 glass of water every day
Biryani from Daana Choga gurgaon .. delivery at sector 57 gurgaon .. pls find best deal
gl beat kkr by six wickets
Medicines delivery
sir ap kis chig ki service kartai ho
Some Good Bar and Restaurant near BTM Bangalore
Are there any buses from muktsar to chandigarh
live score of todays match
2227211871
can you book me a hotel
dentist reminde in 30 minutes
You dont have cabs facility
infact as close as possible to my place
can you please send me the match tome table
I hope u have placed the order
only for one?
so it is applicable on transaction with ola money
with world t _numeral_ games
lko to ghazipur city
can you give information about ipl matches which are going to be held in hyderabad
yup sure m waiting
can you make the above for tue
i want tu stop that water reminder
what is kohli s total runs
hey listen
I would like to book the tickets
oniun
Which movies started
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 08:45 am { reminder_list: 727235, user_id: 1972923, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
but i'm from telangana
cross road
thanks vipul
Pnb bank near me
Thank you for your kind regards, the remainder is welcomed,  but water should be available at the instant of reminder.
well that is a nice score
no i don't want to cancel that reminder
can u send me the location of nearest central mall near hinjewadi
restraunt near vivek vihar
do we have house cleaning
Non veg
call jincy tomorrow 5pm
optical
may i know about deals in and around my place
"		i would like to cancel my to-do: personal project report for everyday at 02:36 pm { reminder_list: 218524, user_id: 275734, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
is there any service in delhi which can pick a product from a shop and deliver it to me same day
I want to travel to venice
can i check
hi, i'm interested in watching commando 2.
live train status
hey..
please show me trains from sur to bpl for ac 2 tier (2a) on 04-03-2017.
not train puneet i was talking about cab
you are quit awesome sir
Jet airways
Sindicate atm?
near by jio sim retailer
Discount code for oyo rooms
when i asked him why ? he replied that he  needs to go outside for his personal occasion
score kay aahe
but it has not mentioned anywhere in message
and how do you like rising pune supergiants
which team toss win
Can you find me a flight from kolkata to kochi direct? ?
i like to order biriyani
Tomorrow morning direct flight
in navi mumbai
heyy ankita :) i miss u
hi! i want to recharge my phone. {task}
i want discount in movie tickets not a food
Emergency tickets
because _date_ is the match
hi, i'm interested in watching hebbuli. {movie_name:hebbuli}{task}
i want to know is tgere any bank branch of citi bank in pitampura
5jalgaon
i have not received by 650 cashback yet
pm
i want to book international flight
oh that's great..
Reminder to send samples at Canon office at 12am
I want to order from oye 24
share the match score after _time_ please
great ensure eletrician will be at my home by 5pm
no web check in sorry
;)
cakes
i want to book ticket for rcb team venue at bangalore
city pride kotrud
got cheaper rate so
hii sneha
thank you _numeral_ d updates ntry to gv me till end of match
no issues
aaja ka match ketna ovr ka he
is your app is reliable
mujhe 15 tarik ko lena h to mujhe kese melaga tikt .
hi meenakshi
i am a follower of mi
place order of amit jalan tomorrow at 10am
till then bye once you get booking done from ur side
please revert my cash back asap..
hey. i need some advice on studying in canada. can you suggest me someplace, like an embassy or something, or a community where i could be able to talk to someone about this?
when the match will start
can you please check the per head cost at the black pearl and flechazo and soho street, bangalore
Pizza Hut
ceo of toyota
Equbal hotel
Train from pune to akola for today
book flight from pune to delhi
worst experience for  bill payment via haptik
8256562677
remind me to make a cal
can you arrange a plumber to fit one tap
how does this service work?
hey listen uo
12:30 and 13:30
show the points table
ipl t _numeral_ okay baad konsi t _numeral_ series sabse pehle ayegi
Chennai to trichy air bus this time pls sent for details
Unlimited Vodafone internet plz
no no golgumbaz train location
abhi ticket lana hai.. wok kiss station se available hai.. woh check karna...
can you give me points table
Can u show me the nearest center in which teaching mobile repairing
maybe later..thanks though😊
MAm what is the flights timings of Dehradun airport to igi delhi airport
who is most run scorer in ipl
Can you help me to find out Honeymoon package for Maldives.
i need pizza
akp to vijayawada
can u help me in finding budgeted rooms in palolem ?
at what time the match is going to start
for wat.???
sakshi
I have to book a cab
I not like hindi movies
can i know who will win _date_ hyderabad or delhi
barbeque nation jangpura
i would like to know if we can hire a taxi in andaman.
will share tomorrow
when is holi
Can you give me information about trains from kadapa to chennai
Any one in night which fare is 3000 to 3600
nearby parlour
12285 train no need timings of dis train
9008662673 airtel
how are you ?
nothing sister
Airline ticket to manglore ..
tel me in vaishali
how much?
even water reminder also
before booking cab.....
want to know abt restraunts near godrej one
how to send money from my wallet to bank acc
with pictures
i need to see a bone doctor
Near by jio office
I booked tickets of today's rahul shiwaji nagar s one way ticket movie I want to cancel booking
highest six of players
hi, i want to book a cab using the cashback offer.  
12 times
Is it possible to book flight tickets from Mumbai to Goa for 21 Oct  at present rate?
3 wake up calls please?
from chandigarh railway station
Ny offer for domino's
i don't want more reminder
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 692773, user_id: 1979649, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Is their a train option from Moscow To St Perersberg
whare are u from sneha
next show time pls
trains from mumbai to nashik
datiya se bhopal ke liye
shilpa shilpa shilpa
how much time will u take to give cashback
not birthday
let's schedule it
no just tell me what all matches are there _date_
any phone numbers of the above plz
laknau se mumabi ka sabse sasta friegt kitna hoga
toty to vm
Can you please tell me which Telugu movies are releasing this Friday..?
hey, can you send me regular reminders to drink water 💧 ?{task}
in which month we can see snowfall in srinagar or nearby srinagar
whats the ipl score now
Want to travel from New Delhi to Bangalore by supper fast trains on 15 October
Timing of Mumbai flight ticket
give me update every _numeral_ - _numeral_ minutes
rampali
Can u apply dnd on my phone number ????
tommrow
okay for which team
i'm flying already
you ankita
team please remind me to call hemant das tomorrow at 5.30pm
thank you... today i got every hour to remind me to drink water
Cab from to khandala
ipl all team image
not yet....
9712408408 pe
mam and ride summary is wrong from ur side it cost me 102 rs
the first one
i booked already
i have to go to tirumala tirupati on tuesday. but i want train list from tadepalligudem to tirupati
we have received your payment of rs.47. your order has been confirmed and you will receive a receipt shortly.
both of this atm dont hav cash
also i did like to add reminder for my appt
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 707025, user_id: 1980972, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
no i want the cashback for bill payment
are there any offers on bms bookin
do it fast
Book 11026 panvel bhusaval express for tomorrow
near my home address at shirdhon
i don't want
i had selected date 31st not 30th
i want route map for   venugopala swamy temple , kanithi , vadlapudi post , gajuwaka , visakhapatnam
how much ll it cost
points tablebof ipl _numeral_
book a cab pls
Tell me the trains from tiruvalla to trivandrum central after 6am today
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for sat, 04 march at 10:51 pm { reminder_list: 695187, user_id: 1689770, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
may be tomorrow
I want train ticket from dadar to aravali road
I need the timings for local train from Pune to lonavla
ap shuklaganj location p jao
Reminder required on 22nd September 2016 as we have to attend a case can u schedule it for me
wer will i get lasagna noodles near brookfield mall, bangalore?
okk...
cn u wake me up at 7
thanks a ton you the remainder
i am sleeping
i want 2 ride going and after some time to come here vadagoan
nope, thank you
baby kitne ghante ki job h
Remainder me now
minimum order 50 dey r saying
im saying local.train
is it need any promo code.
electric bills
how can i book appointment with dr devi prasad shetty in narayana institute of cardiac sciences?
i want to book again
all right
sory by mistkr
Water purifier
dilhi me kiske sath match hue
i had :)
nearest kfc
Deactivate my all alarm
could you please let me know the nearest cub atm?
n batting score of king ix punjab
get me remind about next game of kings xi punjab
trains
Foodie foodie of vikas nagar menu
which movie is running in that today
pnr -8255989310 train 12052
any changes in squad
bbbye
can you send me d highlights of virat nd deviller s partnership in _date_ match
Ottappaalam Palakkad trains
can you please check the tickets for new delhi via train for 18 of may and return  24 may
finland kab hai
onward date - 30 march
"date: march 4, 2017	time: 12 19 am	name of person: raju kanpur"
sir ye aapme kya karna he batao
Is their any further reminders
is there discount or cash back offer for train booking?
ok and if i take the next ride today itself still it's valid na?
abt ipl
where should i all my doubt in haptik?
5 star Hotel in matheran
please update as match progress
Delete all reminders
can u locate any sports shop near my location
toss kisne jeeta
I want to make an order from khansama restaurant
oh thats great. thanks
what is match schedule for _date_
who is no _numeral_ team
yes i mean total runs of virat kohli in this world cup and he acquires which positions
gas station
also i want to book a flight ticket for the month of august
is there any discount
no no m just chk
please tell me nearest vodafone store
first tell me about offers
and i need to set call remainder thank you
Dominos pizza buy1 get 1 offer code plz
just nkeep me update
may i know
i dnt have any messages  for the reservation  nor even mail
is domino's pizza delivered in my area??
dear
do you pay internet bills?
at khammam
i want the pitch report before the match starts
reminder call at 8.30 am today..
you did not check why i was charged extra
ullu banate ho logo ko
jalgaon
was there a match at _time_
no feedback yet
hello madam
no i need the schedule of ipl matches going to be held
i didn't recieve ny confirmation till now
please make this a notification   call reminder
the top run scorers of ipl _numeral_
i have few questions in my mind
Great can u help me with flight tickets then?
"please tell my pnr status	2428644243"
i mean 11 am
mujhse rajchandr pur se dhakhinear ki local train ki time table dikhao subha se sam tk ki
ok done stop reminding me for drinking water
thanks you
thank u wasim gud night bye
whos won
Places to visit in navi mumbai
Can I get private buses
i dont get
i would like to cancel my to-do: stpl for everyday at 11:03 am { reminder_list: 206538, user_id: 1771858, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
am in malleshwaram 5th cross
how many matches in jaipur
see..check ir first msg in which i have sent me total 6 pending pasks
Show me
didi did match finished
no nothing else for now
Remind me to call 9:30am to D link
can you give me more options??
😃😃
incorrect
best batsman total schore
Disable all alarms
my wake up call ??
want to chk in
cheapest needed
nt anniversary
who is this shilpa
need a reminder
Which movie is playing in vishnu theatre at katapdi?
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 466594, user_id: 1232349, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
dombivli to alibaug
okk thanks to remind me..
cancel all the reminder calls
whats d result
i have added 70rs to my wallet .... why i am not able to recharge my mobile number
i don't need uber.!!
ok ask them to deliver at 12 pm
i need to go ibo atm
rcb won or loss
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for thu, 02 march at 06:40 am { reminder_list: 677571, user_id: 565414, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
on _numeral_ which team has ipl match
can u plz snd me details of lonavala platinum square resort
Need to do web check in
shipa aap ho..?
yes golden temple
Which is the best option to reach Vadodara in least time
Can in hv d launch video
Give me reminders on every month
tel me offer on trains
"		i would like to cancel my meet hdfc bank reminder for mon, 06 march at 10:15 am { reminder_list: 689512, user_id: 1978727, task_name: meet_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
sorry sir all the time run to mumbai
can u show me treal
sry sry i want to see logan on 11 march
Hi I need a wake up call by 7.15 am today!
what type of movie is that
nothing i'm fine right now
after every _numeral_ mins give me the scores
Is there any non ac sleeper ?
wanted to book tickets
Trichy to Thirunallar, bus route and train route
which teams are there in ipl _numeral_
yes i want live updates
ok.... thank you
hi akash n may i know score please
what was the score _date_ did india win
pgdav college
Hi I ll be booking only departure tickets not returning one right now
thank you so much!!
hi budd
indivdual scores
samjha ni mam m
i want to know where it is
Hi I would like to know any packages for a group of 20 people . The budget is 4000 for 2 nights 3 days . The package should be all inclusive. Food, transport and accommodation within 4k per head
team squard for rcb
day time every two hours by message
Can I get a plane ticket copy with PNR no?
almost 48 hr over
no i am good thanks
from gulbarga karnataka
thank u melissa
so much
Air ticket coupons
sorry i wanna do a web checkin...
what the full foam
Need a tour package for 2 persons started from Bangalore to ooty from 12 Oct to 15 oct
tomorows fixture
Can you show location of beauty parlour
give me score updates for every over
yaar india haar gaya
only _numeral_ matches left
just a moment plz am talking lo my family numbers
is there any offer on dth recharge?
joe's pizza
can u send me once again
hi i would like to book a cab
What is the ticket price?
12680 coimbatore to chennai travel date 09/09/2016 seat availability
no offer for electric bill
good night😊
i need flat near by defence colony
to replace one tap
date: march 2, 2017
any offer for zomato??
_numeral_ _numeral_ kkr
if _date_ india lost the match then india will be out of worldcup
tell me shedule of
last match of gl
as i wake in morning
sorry rewari se ringus 22452 aaj jayegi kya{task}
what is kohlis avg this ipl _numeral_
i need i p l team list miss sonal
any tickets for atq below 1500
pubs sorry
i am hungry
no i am asking u
I need  a sleeper ticket from Yesbhant pur to Bhagalpur for my friend on 1octuber
get me the current points table
rpsg
can you tell me what they charge
i am already registered in uber / ola
rangoon movie ticket
what about _date_ mumbai indians match
hey any t- _numeral_ match for _date_ and what the time they will start by
sry by mistake
sorry it's 8am
in your thinking which cab is good then other ??
k?
also add "cat bathing" to my to do list
can you please book a match tickets for ipl 2017 1st match
good afternoon to u baby
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 07:30 am { reminder_list: 686173, user_id: 1795780, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
4642125451
any sugestion shradha who will win _date_
i want to book tickets for
no flight of spicejet
Hello sir how r u. Sir I want to know my PNR no is 2702397870. Train name & no. 14706/BGKT DEEPA EXP. From Jodhpur to Sujan Garh. Dear sir I want to know that which platform no this train boarding. Plz send me that platform no sir thank you
i need pay my mobile bill..?
spas in anna nagar
I want Indian non veg
can you please stop all reminders
vijaywada
daily reminder of lotion please
munroe island kollam to kovalam trivandrum
yes ma'am mumbai me jo bhi sexolist hai sabka details bataye
Tell me about trains from loharu to delhi sarai rohilla today
ola micro
show me some more
ur
this is postpaid
ik kudi jeeda naa mohabbat kis movie ka song he
Want to know trains from Bangalore to davangere for tomorrow
Go air
the ghazi
Is uber available fro nizamuddin to noida
logan?
Can u order for me ,  i want pizza from dominos
can i know the train timings from majestic to tirupathi
you didn't wake up me
7784033837 check special offer for this aircel no
Cancel this wake up call
Only if i get a window seat..
bhopal to delhi today
i'm searching a person for servicing my cucina what are purification can you please help me
26 th I have to go Bangalore to Hyderabad then 28 I need return ticket form Hyderabad to Bangalore.
how can i change my 3g sim in 4g
10714 per day ?
give me train availability for amravati to mumba date 8 march in ac any class
Hey can you please check at nearest medical store
In need govt by tricky to karaikal, fare, time
cbi
wen it is confrmed
remind me that i have to call to abhi to book mob
tell me the ipl scores
meeting plz
hey, can you find me the nearest atm?
price from here to kolkata
i want axis
check prn
wake me at 10
ya am interested
tysm..
what is the offer currently
targt kya hai
i need help regarding places to visit in mangalore
time please
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 04:25 am { reminder_list: 701121, user_id: 1981229, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
great. thanks. i actually do.
discounts on movie logan
can u book table for 8 at sirocco
and also tell me about next match
Hey can u tell me the fares, of a.c n sleeper tickets of train.. From jamnagar to surat on 15th late night or 16th sept early morning
request you to please update me the score every _numeral_ min as am in office for _date_ march
i want any next match in wankhade mumbai
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for fri, 03 march at 12:00 pm { reminder_list: 686857, user_id: 1978256, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
great news thank you for the update love to hear you for the massive one _date_ good night
may i get the score board of srh
at pvr nanded
Is there  Any train avadi to PTMS
one more alarm
Can u pls tel me d schedule of poorva Express train from dhanbad
yes i check with them..they don't offer the service i am looking for
prasad large screen theater
When did saraighat train will reach new bongaigaon?
just remind me about sbi credit card bill payment at 7 pm
sorry don't cancel the meeting tomorrow
Food in Kolhapur for home delivery
how many overs to be played
over over updated me
just keep me updated with scores
How did u come to know that I m looking for bus tickets ?
can u set reminder for  making call
sorry i m confused
please proceed{api_name:ola, request_id:crn599424975, confirm:true}
Can you please tell me about flight timings from Bangalore to dubai
the above one
destination?
no nothing else
still didn't received the receipt
hi can you find the g stand tickets for ipl finals in bangalore
fainal kon jeetega
can u tell me best place to visit in aug
k kkk thanks
near by post office
show me scorcard of this match
Any nearby spa or saloon good service
you will tell me score just after start okay
Any near cinema hall?
Hey, I need to make a table reservation.{task}
can you please update me _date_ s match
i am in namakkal bus stand in tamilnadu
i want hotel near jammu tawi
any cashback offers
i want to change the destination
no next match time and date
punjab national bank atm
kindly check the pnr 6362098479
Not right now. Can u remind me remind me
सर मैं आपसे एक छोटी सी मदद लेना चाहता हूं और उम्मीद करता हूं आप मेरी अच्छी तरह से हेल्प करेंगे
telugu  movies
c.t.street
first i need wat type of cars are there
can u plz tell me the ride estimate
for every 2 hrs
"mr.rajachandrasekar	dob 25/5/1958	adhaar no 538517409720	mr.vinayagamurthy	dob 13/8/1963	adhaar no457846167874	mrs.uma 	dob 1968	adhaar no 611382440903 	mr.syam	dob 22/10/1988"
ok ok i want hit movies 2016
current ipl updated
hi, my car is punctured
But call me on a different number
wat is your doing
and in english
pay airtel bill
i want the women s t _numeral_ points table can you help me with that
who s win raising pune vs mumbai indians
i don't have any screen shot. i can give you the destination
train ticket ceack
Find me a flight
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 11:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 537337, user_id: 1931515, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
Need to call jaggy at 12.30; pls put call reminder
i want food delivery
Please turn off my water reminder. I'll ask you again when i would need it
nearby bank
match scr
they are not responding
near by entertainment places
hii suggest any hukka parlour at vile parle
sum hospital.. bhubneswer
you will remind me only when iam in online right?
any offer to add money in my accont
27 pls remind me to have doc app with chyro on 28
and till what time it will be avialable..
wow delhi is in top _numeral_ that s a surprise
what offer will i get if i pay my airtel mill from heptick
hey i want to roam into hills of kashmir...can u provide a cab
yes i know that srh won
cqn i get pffers
u cannot book?
apna app mobile me rotate nhi hota kya
i want to set a reminder call
what are the chances of rising pune supergiants getting into opl playoffs
visiting charges for electrician?
Pune To Bandra train time please
Yes. PoojA.
yes 3 pm
Hi. Can you suggest some restaurants in andheri lokhandawala that serves healthy options and open all day
Inox manipal tommorow morning shows
not this list orange cap contenders
nearby western union
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 693299, user_id: 1285036, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Could u tel me how much wil flights frm kolkata to bnglr cost around d last week of november?
hello sachin
simply msgd
will i get the order now
thank u yaar ur my best frnd
or agr 48 hours baad me cancel krau to
no thank you shilpa
_date_ who has won the match
i want to speak english
hi can u give me the cahsback coupon code for recharge and bill payment
show the score card of delhi
hey, i am looking forward to visit andaman....can u help me with a tour package
did you support rcb
also can you set alarm  for every day
hi i need to book hotel
hey update me abt the pnr status
actually it's a steel bed rod and i ve to weld it
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for sat, 04 march at 01:03 pm { reminder_list: 706233, user_id: 1817393, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
now today is 1st march nd my account is nt refubded yet
could u show me the cheapest
could you please send me the list of playing _numeral_ of dd
hey can you tell me _date_ how virat kohli will like to bed right and left and
abhi tak jo mach hui ipl uska detail hona kon jita kon hara
i need to book an ola rental for 8 hours 80 km
how can i make payment online by booking cab?
nice! was just checking
If I want rent a car for one day
Hey remind me i have to wish nitin at 12 tonight
set reminders for my work list
enjoy 15% cashback on your next haptik recharge or bill payment. coupon: deemj6c1m. max cashback: rs.100. expires in 7 days. https://goo.gl/gbujec
can u just remind me of my meeting @ 12
what is price
logan @palazoo
very near
when i will get cashback for this ride
so is this discount provided by u or book my show
at 6 in morning
5 pics of rakul preet singh
please call on 7025573325 and ask manju to drink water
Cancel 10:30 call
icici bank
attipattu
how many 7-10 days u want
where to get new jio sim nearby
no thank u ...
i didn't get
i dint knw why u ppl blocked my citi card on this app
I want information on today's movies at my location
n pls set this up as a call reminder
then how
3 pm in lank camp 6/3/17
send me link of ticket booking of _date_ april wankhede
Plez give me info how to go to lonavla by road from virar
helli
remind me in half an hour to take out the bottle from the freezer
mas to ald
Turn off my reminders
are you a robot or what
Closest hdfc atm?
thai
where is bhim thandi jatra
for all the day
can you send me the scores of _date_ s match
24th date nd noon shows...?
is there any room available for 3to4 hours stand
what happen with rcb nd hydrabad match _date_
hey what does the points table look like of ipl _numeral_
i want to book a flight
hi! i want to book a cab right now :)
ohh mera bhai
plumber charge kitana hain
please send the menu of andhra bhawan
change in request
Hi ... I am looking for package for traveling to Leh ladhak
Can you tell me varieties of dominos in alwar
Fare for ac of happa express
oyo rooms preferably
hi do u guys deliver dunkin donuts?
quick dude
alright . enough for today , it's time for me to sleep . just don't forget me to wake me up at 5
any 1 offer for booking this movie
is there any offers for train tickets
i try it later
ok, but in trivendrum.
sry its beltola chariali
if required
update me about _date_ ipla match dude
how is it booked? i didn't understand.
i want it everyday
which is better america or spain?
hey why money was deducted from my paytm wallet
iam boring chat with me
😌
"		i would like to cancel my call collect bus pass reminder for fri, 03 march at 10:00 pm { reminder_list: 685074, user_id: 1794386, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Hi I am planning for bike trip
sangam express 14164 how many time will reach in allahabad railway station
expiry date for my coupon?
what does this layover of 7 hours mean? it's in the ticket.
can you wish my birthday
Hotel in catonment area
as well as tmor
No sleeper coaches in that train.?
okay,thank you haptik
i'm looking gym near by
thanku, gn
i need more reminders
yes puneeet am there
every 3 hourly
from rosewood restaurant dange chowk
hi which is hindi romantic movie
please remove my last reminder
After 3pm remind me to take food
Availability
wat abt toss
i am asking for the offer
when i will
"please proceed with below flights -		onward flight - rs.3123	spicejet (sg-422)	visakhapatnam to hyderabad	departure: 09:00 am (06 apr)	arrival: 10:05 am (06 apr)		spicejet (sg-827)	hyderabad to ahmedabad	departure: 04:20 pm (06 apr)	arrival: 06:05 pm (06 apr)	 {product_id:3252938a7d26ee2a633b784002eb3a63725bee42bb8b8d05547aca2d04c8db856db446e485edc1aea0cca0da4b4258ede7be9d0a433c3a1524435fcf1f18f56f, api_name:goibibo_api, type:onward_flight, others:onward flight - rs.3123 spicejet (sg-422) visakhapatnam to hyderabad departure 0900 am (06 apr) arrival 1005 am (06 apr)  spicejet (sg-827) hyderabad to ahmedabad departure 0420 pm (06 apr) arrival 0605 pm (06 apr) }		return flight - rs.3137	indigo (6e-879)	ahmedabad to hyderabad	departure: 06:25 am (11 apr)	arrival: 08:15 am (11 apr)		indigo (6e-366)	hyderabad to visakhapatnam	departure: 11:20 am (11 apr)	arrival: 12:30 pm (11 apr)	 {product_id:d974c2299801fbeba39d72142bab51f494193268fda01c52023fb5ad901461f911949695cf2563cde772292c05bf9e6679a9eb15b46245bdf01d8939712268e6, api_name:goibibo_api, type:return_flight, others:return flight - rs.3137 indigo (6e-879) ahmedabad to hyderabad departure 0625 am (11 apr) arrival 0815 am (11 apr)  indigo (6e-366) hyderabad to visakhapatnam departure 1120 am (11 apr) arrival 1230 pm (11 apr) }"
mumbai to yadgir
ipl final tickets
find more for me
and current match
then which movie will run
the next match at chinnaswamy stadium
ok at 9:15 a.m
wtf
yo!
please book ola
provide me with the list of badminton courts having pay per hour system in kolkata
i think you are mad
you can talk me cash available in near my atm ?
i'll let you know asap
score kya hai bhai
8156893105
hi score please -
Chocolate eggless half kg cake for tommorow
can i see the full scorecard please
"please show me one way flights from indore to mumbai 		onward date - 20 march"
any train to Lucknow
q _numeral_ and final
they don't do this work
I get reservation ticket on 11 Oct 2016  same train
can you please read what i have typed
but on other no.
i want to book at rs 999
i'm looking for delhi to mumbai flight on 1 april
2657106292
this code is expired
i need tickets for ipl match in mumbai
Any bata showroom near by
okay then show me movie discount offers
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 720015, user_id: 1982247, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
show me previous results
Can u tell me train fare calcutta to delhi ...sleeper class
Hey I need one carpentet and an electrician
green park metro ststion i asked
need to find the train to varanasi from madurai
_date_ which team win the match
Is there any royal enfield showroom near by
9099993267 check recharge status on this number
I want to book flight ticket
i want cheap
Can u pls provide a menu for mcd
who won _date_ s mumbai pune match
i had loged in now
wt is this app about
casa rio palava city
wt time todays match starts
ok thanku soo much
What are the internet plans in bsnl
Rates of all hotels in kanha
Soupy noodles
i want to talk with u
other movies nearby?
i think our prediction gon na be true
remind me to call ragini
check tickets in kolkata
Budget Chinese restaurants near me
ho than how to come use my wallet money
march
shards what s the score
if any cashback offer than remind me till 9th march, i have to be recharge nd payment of both
hey could u please let me know the cheapest flight tickets from mumbai to hyderabad on 14th early mrng
i'll return by train
bill payment
this schedule is till _numeral_
Remind me to call my mom everyday at night 8:30
mujhe tea heater jo traveling me use hota he o chahiye
Please check rhe seat availability in 3rd ac     and sleeper...22182... 22.11.2016 New Delhi  to jabalpur
"		i would like to view more reminders. { user_id: 1580456, offset: 5, api_name: exotel }"
and full score board
mam still negative response from the payment gateway regarding my card payment
every _numeral_ min please
there are no cab service in my city😂😂
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 04:00 am { reminder_list: 688644, user_id: 1978586, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can u chk thelatest update abt bank transaction
what is this
I have to install window in my laptop
Need to book a train ticket
"please show me one way flights from goa to mumbai 		onward date - 06 april"
free food??
is my alarm are set
can you please try for the tickets again
can you book me a table at penthouzz?
i wanted know about high end salons in faridabad
can you please remind me to pay my internet bill on 16th march at 10:00 am
i want such a place... where we can go enjoy the place and come back..all within 10hrs.. near by my location...?
train tatkal ticket ket
22422 trin no. rout
Nearest theatrefrom ghatkoparstation
nashik phata
set an remainder for this
I want RO purified water can provider near my location
thanks mam.
i need to search for an ngo near oshiwara
Book two tickets of pink
muditu poiru oru mairum venam
Stop this reminder
can you update the scores
suggest me a good fine dining restaurant in east delhi or cp side
kharar garden cloney
had dinner?
live match scores please
okay remind me once the match was started
want help
Pub nearby me , location sri sai nagar, thorraipakkam , chennai
"tomorrow meeting with kalal on 4.30pm   	on his office ..	from home i will go 4.15pm"
I want pvr acropolis mall timings
just kidding
shruti is there any discount offer gng on fof booking tickets
what are the charges
i want to know the nearest gym at my place.
i am unable to pay my postpaid bill
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 723446, user_id: 1985976, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i just said it
how much time it take to refund to wallet ?
hiii daniel
no sakshi
i wanna to book an egg less cake in lucknow
Travel package for kasol
when it will reach to raipur jn
i bet dd wins
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 12:00 pm { reminder_list: 305476, user_id: 1735560, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i need review about the logan movie
Rate cutter plans for Vodafone in telengaba
i need some recreational equipment
are you women
hey shruti!! completely irrelevant i'm about to type
for tomorrow morning
I need ticket fr Dhoni untold story
suggest me some cheapest hotel in manali
estimate fare for the ride
h r y
Hyderabadi biriyani near me
five people
i ask from 8:00am to 10:00pm
is there a chance for rps to qualify for semis if they lose _date_
thanks sure i will call you or massage you
"please show me return flights from mumbai to lucknow 		onward date - 04 march	return date - 02 july"
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 08:00 am { reminder_list: 582762, user_id: 1944925, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want to order pasta
wats the live score
what is dhoni-s age
alarm pls
april 23 chalukya train depart from pudcherry n 24 ko arsikere junction... i want 2 know before stopping at arsikerr.. wer does that train stop... wer its avilable for ticket
wo 60 rupees wapas kro
near ameerpet
y my recharge is refunding back
coupons?
oh m sry.
i wanted to check the time of the trains
can you tell me what india scored at the _date_ and _date_ over individually
hi make it for sitting
Unlimited dinner
Find me the best flights for Delhi at around 3PM on 12 Aug
i want tickets for ipl match
please don't call for drinking water
is jolly llb2 good enough to watch?or rangoon?
places for honeymoon
bill payment fail q horha
hi! i want to book a cab right now :){task}
from bangalore to mumbai
what is the rate of tickets of ipl
Can you help me to get huawai service center
what is latest
If I want to book on same train from Surat how much it cost?
any discount on recharge
mera pen card check kariye kaha takvaaya hai
no please
points table bhejo na
smiley morn
ok madam ji
i have not rec'd rs 100 cash back on my previous rc
can u check pnr status
i want to bookflight
who is the bowling coach of dd team
what is playing x _numeral_ of both team
can you tell me nearest metro station from shantiniketan , kolkata
Ice cream rolls in Chandigarh, mohali, or panchkula
keep sending timely updates for the match
i want one car
8 times per day
show me air fare for bangkok
Stop the remainder for wake up ...
not started yet
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 05:05 pm { reminder_list: 722471, user_id: 1985743, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Find restaurant
Pick and drop Car From Delhi to Hyderabad
anytime
u didnt remind fr milk @11pm
can you give me some news about digital marketing course near dumdum
with all the venues
how can i connect with apple
Globus bandra me abhi konsi konsi movies lagi h Bollywood me?
when will it be prepared.?
check the status again
In Anand cine complex which movies are there
Tickets for which cinema hall
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sat, 04 march at every 4 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 695112-695113-695114, user_id: 1810915, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
did you see the match
app looking gud
wo bole top floor pe parking hai
Pnr status of 8150933042
ola or uber*
this is not live score
thanks for your help
okay thank you
need a hotel in pondicherry
just want to know
am traveling right now
thank youuu
Both call an notification????
yes this one only
Fly fair for Mumbai on Saturday
will the cashback get added to my uber wallet?
I m planning to go from ahmedabad to bangalore send me some convinient train reservation in 3 ac on next week any tym
please share the to do form
3/4/2017
i already did one
if i provide you the restaurant details and all won't that work
champapet
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 506078, user_id: 1057397, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Beauty parlour nearby !?
no thanks maybe later
hey...
8286880094
call me now
hey, can you find me the nearest train station?{task}
will u check out train from coimbatore to tirupur
how many points mumbai needs to qualify
yes only for mumbai indian matches please
what this
Bus route to kondapalli to Vijayawada
how will you wake me up?
is there any offee for medicines
kitane run huuaa
are dre any halal restaurants nearby
anyone there??
the times are not compatible
update mi live score
Need to book cab like innova
what about the cash back return??
who win the delhi vs mumbai match
please send _date_ match last over video
Remind me every month 5th and 7th day to make a CL Invoice
let me know exact address
tap button is not clickable
hi ronak
hey sorry change my name
can u help me in singapore??
how these applies on me??
Anything other then pizza
Can you tell me the name of the trains that travels from Diphu to Jagiroad , Assam.. and there time also..
yes if you are doing it for free
can rcb make it to the play offs
kottayam
Show timings on movie time rajouri?
current t _numeral_ champion
Yeah.. I wanna know about baar baar dekho movie tickets and show timings
bangalore runs right now
david warner continue his form
send live scores
KFC home delivery
ride later
just wanted to know when is the next india match
12859
who will wn this match
you tell about only about ipl or any other news also
whr ru from
1.30 and 2.30
please don't schedule on weekends
hloo wat hpnd no rly from u
thanks archana
ok thanks for reminding
anyone you think will agree in 3k?
"please remind me my vedang attendance 	per day 10am call at this time for remind me"
pune gon na win i guess
yes pls
i will get 75 rs cash back ??
skin clinic
no from 10 am to 10 pm
malls
Reserve a table
good morning🙂
where will i get br50 battery for motorola
toss update
its not hdfc atm
but it was not satisfactory
ni to hath se kaam chalana padega
don't you love me
have i set any birthday reminders for next week?
who won the t _numeral_ cup
plz check and say how would be the tickets maximum
Route to Solapur from vashi
04.03.2017
Can you order something for me
pwd division no one, agartala,west tripura address
sangareddy
Cost of ticket from delhi to goa
hey i need a book shop near me to buy books like effective java
still now the delivery person not yet started
near by pant nagar
Hi need to book a cab
i have texted you this morning also
Set a reminder fr me
what will be the difference amount if i book from.haptik rather than irctc portal ..which one will be cheap .?
can i tell me when i get tatkal ticket !! i mean the date of journey/1day ago /2day ago
yuvraaj singh total runs in this ipl
want to mount 43 inches tv and 32 inches tv on the wall. what will be the charges?
looking for a carpentar and not a plumber priyanka
discount?
till koparkhairne
Is there any flight service from VIJAYAWADA to Visakhapatnam
love u sonaa
Best plans for reliance in Delhi?
when will draw for world cup final tickets open
muje mumbai jana hai
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 07:00 am { reminder_list: 710939, user_id: 1972516, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Could you find icic bank near my legality?
any offers on prepaid recharge
thn q
do i get 50% cb for dth rech
no thank we got a bus
reply for my query please
can u plz change the timings
may i get the sbi customer care no.
i forget to take my medicine
any update on my last ride
Can't I set an alarm for the reminder
i didnt get any call.. wht type of service u all are providing?...  or i shall uninstall the app..?
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for mon, 06 march at 09:00 am { reminder_list: 713023, user_id: 1933242, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
please suggest me train from hyderabad to gao on tomorrow
like which is the best place is best to visit with husband in abroad
mera ola account delink ho chuka h?
please tell me
but it'd be better if they'd email...
thank you for your help
i haven't received any list of restaurants as u mentioned above
it was more than 48 hours
who is mithra
team points reminder 6pm and 8pm today
Do you think trains fly from Ahmedabad to Guwahati? They must have to come through Jalpaiguri.
commando2 in nandyal
in chinnaswamy stadium
morning nalini
can you check if there are any tickets available for the match in kolkata
do we have bus tickets too
when will csk come again
m looking for Rs 59 pack in vodaphone
Whole day
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 690311, user_id: 951576, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
john wick 2
book karo plsss
I want a package for 3 days bangkok 3 days pataya with fligts and hotels
wait i want to some helps me
send me virat kohli hd pics
it would be helpfuo for me if you can send periodical updates on the match when it starts can you do that
electricity fuse is getting tripped frequently after last electrician did something
Hi could u check any trains from amethi to allahabad
till this i saw now switched off ca n t see india losing
please refresh and send me the latest points table
Plz send me menu card
Not remind me for medicine
do n t be sad next time we win
okay which team ur going to support
u guys said 24 hrs
Do we have suicide squad for Sunday in lido mall bangalore ?
tailor
what next
4 number bus stop in jagatdal
At cafe bites
kitne din pahle book karna hota hai
No sir tell me in postpaid network, I'm going to change airtel postpaid soon , so asked
want to know ipl schedule
i want to book ticket  of plan from india to katmando nepal
yeah..
Can you find a restaurant near me with bamboo biriyani.??
Please remind me to "take my teacher guardian form" on monday morning 7.20
current scores please
plz send menu of global food factory rajouri garden
i need some good dineout rated hotels
Reminders
innings kolkata has started
"hey can you please tell me 	what will we price if i travell from my current location to vast continental hotel vast vihar ????"
what a busy day padma jii
i don't have it
now reminde me 1 hr later
hi can i get the information regarding room booking in pachmarhi
Places to visit near pune railway station with GF
Where can I get yummy, mouth watering, tasty, soft, tender, steamed, veg momos?
can haptik wallet be used for payment for pizza?
do you work 24*7
hello give me the answer
no other task later
where can i find massage center in perungudi
tomm
I want train ticket for oct 8th Bhubaneswar
i am asking u to order
the discount of 75 is fr old users also
jolly llb 2
I want to book the ticket
remind me about atm at 4 o clock
And 9.00am also, which is the train department time
hotels in shimla
are there any booking offers
mene wish kr dia
can i bet on ipl matches
happy anniversary quote for a friend
send the link again
it's not user friendly
need aquaguard service
_date_ match place
rcb _date_ s batting score
semifinal times
need a carpenter in palm vihar gurgaon
medium class restaurant in rajajinagar only vegetarian
I want to book cab to . Tuljapur from
Jhansi to Mathura train
14.30 chand bhai contact
on haptic
bathinda
search train for agra
just now a match was completed
i have rated you for _numeral_
hello how are u
tell me which movies are releasing this week
with list price
i want ipl match live photos
ok let u know later
find me joli llb 2 movie shows
is there any match at wankede stadium
to wish prajith birthday wishes
bathinda to goa flights
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 07:30 am { reminder_list: 715195, user_id: 1661962, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
who has hit the most no of sixes this year
but my wallet balance is missing
from thane
or if you can give me whole time table
thank you sid
is there is any prob in your system??
Updates in iPhone 7
can i have a parcel service
Suggest me the restaurant near Lulu mall edappally Kochin
decorater
but what about my booking with you
aap ko kaise pat ki mara atm kotak mahindra bank ka hai
nhi
ouh grt i am a die hard of csk i am waitng fr them _numeral_ return
cafe coffee day near by me ?
Book me a train ticket from aurangabad, Maharashtra to Mumbai for tomorrow evening.
i had a reminder set for every thursday
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 718486, user_id: 1061411, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
kiya lagata hai tumhe kon jite ga
ambala to delhi
i don't wanna book it
Is nandhini hotel (non veg) available for home delivery today
not 5
put two more for the same for 12pm and 1 pm also.  in case it skips my mind
amitsar garreb rath
make sure its only feom monday to friday
no 6
not yet
Hi I want to know if ola cabs available tomorrow morning 7am
Can u order
Can you implement DND on my postpaid number?
is cab service available at pulgoan
Can u suggest which Bollywood movies released recently ?
i will share reference code
ok thankss
i need schedule of ipl as well
ok that will do
is it updated _numeral_ nafta srh losing _date_ it s updated na
Want a Watch...
is there a city's issue
remind me to cook for mimnam at 7 tonight
santosh dhaba veggie
But my dear friend there is a a direct train is masoori exp or garhwal exp and ac bus is also schedule on 9:30 pm frm kashmiri gate delhi plz correct your self
hi, please suggest places to hangout with family
is der chance of mi
can u tell me availability of room in marriott jeshalmer
Good Fish biryani price and available
Are these conformable to travel
is both the trains go regulary
swantraswadi dargah road gulbarga
i know i ve watched the match it s a hurray
sorry i need movers
my city is not listed
i have booked tickets for wankhede so what is the procedure to collect ticket if someone collects tickets on my behalf nnote i have done credit card payment for same
okay deepika please update for every _numeral_ overs
no it's fine thank you good night 😊
hiiiiiiiiiii
Is there any offer on flights
traim kaha pe h
Near by mobile shop
what time narayana netralaya near to iskon gets open
Can you book tickets for me??
get it from history
no , this is too high
May I know that will there be name hang on the train of waiting
i need to order 2 birthday cakes.
who iswon the match
today is my birthday which color dress should i wear
Near by cafe lounge
actually wanted a book a hotel room
wat about the scores
Hi. Please help me with buses from bangalore to Pune
po da
ice cream
gujarat lion scoreboard
where can i watch virat kohli s _numeral_ which he scored against rps in vivo ipl _numeral_
which number
_date_ match who will win
btw whose match it is
cold coffe
there is no option on haptik
can you pls help me chose a good restaurant for lunch tomo
can u say me the cost details
what about my payment
Please unset my 5 AM alarm
finals are done mam
12562
so there is no possibility of availability of tickets for that match online
then what will reminder show
what are the set reminders
citt
in rajori garden
Hdfc bank branch
can u tell me the live running status of train no.12942
hi. i'm living from coimbatore. u book coimbatore spi cinema tickets?
please update me for australia pak score
no cash on both atm
after one week
please live score
from tomorrow which movie is playing in jagdamba theatre vizag
malayalam movie
haanji mem mujhe apne moblie ke liye best offer chaiye
hey im this month ipl started you giving last month update
ok thanx
"hi	may i know where is the nearest airtel office?"
i didn't received
bap re bap so big name no pranay
aus wickets video
rcb innings not gl innings
Not only Monday I need u to remind me everyday
cochin airport
kya aap mujhe waha ka no de skte hai
do you provide bus booking?
haptik looks good
Cheapest biryani near by!!
75 cash back not credited
i want to edit above task
Near by reliance digital store
(√3)^3=?
"are yaar just cancel it..			now my mood is off"
please find k good tailor for me
i have given all the details yesterday
call mr rahul kirkinde
33,36 are lower berths
can you suggest some good restaurant of chinese  or indian and continental food.. near girgaum chowpaty or hanging garden
i wil inform after fixing
this is for outstation trip
cashback?
Hello, can you help me find a repair person to fix my electric board?
Best Restaurant in Mysore ?
set wake up alarm till 9 march
my destination is bangalore airport
is it available?
Is there any spa body massage parlor near
then put my pickup as audi service centre, vidhani
Near by beauty parlour
wht match is going on
7days se jyda ho gay
hope _date_ pak vs au s match tiday
virat ipl _numeral_ scores
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 528037, user_id: 1916967, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
my mi
in which ground will the final will be played
can u check air ticket next week from delhi to srinagar
I do not want any reminder
Can check again check in all the flights
And remind me for my gym 8. 5 hrs frm nw
I want to know the timing of shatabdi from new Delhi to Chandigarh on 06-10-2016 in morning
I want to recharge 10 rs
am i eligible for cashback offer
manipal inox
Skull candy service centre
Any flight to chennai to Mumbai
wake me up at 8 am today
19th march.
of vodafone
will u plz check tatkal availability from cst to jalgaon
when is india next match and with whom
Nice resto for lunch near jaynagar
i can't book tatkal
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 09:26 pm { reminder_list: 693065, user_id: 1979771, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i have changed my mind
Plz extract the toll free no of lenovo service center
Daily breakfast delivery
where i get ipl ticket
you not sleeping now....
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 04:17 pm { reminder_list: 641657, user_id: 1964903, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
reservation from delhi to jammu
find for me train tickets
Rohtang pass is not included. Kindly suggest some good package
no thanks for ur help
seriously it's very useful app
Want to book train tickets
Is there any flight from delhi to dharmshala gagal airport
home delivery
all times
Hey i want to get my ro purifier serviced
"hey sakshi, quick question	would i get 50 cashback if my friend will do a d2h recharge ?"
i m new searching
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 672763, user_id: 1958581, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
cab cash back offer is available till which date
plzzzzz send
then i start drinking in qty ..
Suggest some good restaurants in Bangalore{task}
remind me tomarrow 11 am
cnsl
os-269
how was kohlis innings
hi nishant first pls tell something about jaipur
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 06:00 am { reminder_list: 706204, user_id: 1980981, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
plz set it for 11.15 am tomorrow
no i didn't ride
i tapped, but don't get
what is estimated cost
13008
"		i would like to cancel my reminder to 'book a train ticket' for mon, 06 march at 12:10 am { reminder_list: 714930, user_id: 1290699, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
yeah please make calls
show me flights for 9th mar.{80840}
train ticket availability
full details
thanks ...
invalid location
thanks delivered.
so who wins
need coupon code for recharge
can you web check me in
sure ☺
irctc
good morning baby
around 200
borivali to surat
when will be the match start
virat kohli runs in this season
how mich over are left
i didn't get cashback
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 595490, user_id: 1950203, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
22 November 2016...train new delhi toh jabalpur...Pl search the details
please give table in proper order n nmeans _numeral_ xyz n _numeral_ xyz n _numeral_
and ticket of  Bechar Dhandhukiya ?
hey these are pretty cheap....then why was i going for a cab??
thanks ronak....i just submitted my application..... hoping for a reply.... special thanks to you!!!
Last time I am asking my friend window seat booking
any ipl in bangalore
after rcb finishes batting i need only score okay
is there any possibility to put reminders on alarm
raagam
but i think pak v s ban match is there
dine in
i need help regarding traveling from mumbai to lavasa
now any show is near me
is the jio recharge done
for _date_ match is it available
no atm required
train50 offer over ?
dtd 04 04 2017
alright pranay
and who is purple cap holder
What are tomorrow show times for Pink at Inox C21 and Carnival Malhar?
Can you please tell from which platform will Nagercoil Exp will leave from CST?
per km 6 rupees cabs
time table
hi sharon
release date
Can u help me to book tickets in aquatica?
which teams are on top right now
is it in tamil language as well?
whn will the match start
everyday 8:00 am
Where is Allahabad bank Atm
will you charge extra amount
now score is gujarat lions _numeral_ _numeral_
ohh _numeral_ wicket that too on their home ground
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 11:57 pm { reminder_list: 727731, user_id: 1983732, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
what are the fair of goa to chandigarh. armed forces penson
can u find the courier service at pin 759018
west indies bating order
I want it to be set for daily
payment failed
in which cities you can able to provide home services
ok noted
how many matches kolkata have to win to qualify
any offer for train tickets booking?
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for mon, 06 march at 11:16 am { reminder_list: 693961, user_id: 1561482, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
mr puneet we are talking of train ticket cancellation!
hey mi won _date_
where should 75 cb will come??
hi, i want to book a room in the o hotel koregaon park,pune{task}
Plz book ticket
okay..
please show me trains from ndls to cdg for sleeper (sl) on 06-03-2017.
i dint get any confirmation still
goodbye
mp magar bhopal
want pay hathway wifi bill
i'm looking for coupon code
cool how much did dhoni score
not such
book tickets on 6/3/
where is the matcgy
plz find any mall near by us
in 1 hour
service centre
destination ??
Can you book one bus ticket from Malad, Mumbai to Kolad,Riagad ?
barbar shop
I need SBI bank ATM
55616
medical shop mam?
and i had a wake-up call 6.30
"what type of your service??? 	can't u provide me cab? 	i'll install this app bye"
send me match scores every over
is there any promocode for recharge
yeah sure :)
Need train tickets
thank you for sharing the match schedule
btw ur good name?? seriously nice to talking me
Hi. U can activate dnd on my numbers?
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 07:15 am { reminder_list: 714323, user_id: 1978389, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
yes, im in search of a good packers and movers ...reqd to shift my home
how many totatl matches will each team play
you know hindi language
this app really helpful me....
wat about hayath fitness
please ask your developers to launch the app in the windows version as well. then the app could be used in most of the desktop as well and it would be a really handy one. the app is great in all other ways.
sry
i need a quick help
tomm..
who are the players playing in _date_ s match pune
nope under the recharge i did of 60 now
in agartala
dell service center
i want to see archana
i need to know hysterectomy hospital's in my location
Which food is most excellent protin
i want tickets for finals
i need to cancel the active reminders
Please disable this reminder , thanks
send me the details for the movie :days of dafree
I want to know about the price of tickets for Aquatica
where is patil academy for army selection in kolhapur
hello, need a cab from dadar to midc chakan, malunghe from 9 am tomorrow and return by evening. ola outstation is giving a quote of 3500. is there anything cheaper?
oh looks like gujrat lions will make it
bekar app....abhi uninstall kr rha hu #fudduhaptik
Cashback only if u recharge for 10?
with texes how much
can you remind me something
not yusuf
from cmbt to tirupathi
Can i get a ticket on 9 sept
want to end reminder
tell me the latest score
not hotel sorry
your rate
Ac sleeper..  Nd search me time at 21:00
can u booked flight
Is der any train 27 night from bbsr to mumbai
Which movie
i chkd it.
Is that near a fair festival???
not know i will remind you later
i need one bed bugs service
indigo or go??
Plz give me ticket fair
Remind me for recharging my net balance
Syndicate bank ATM nearby
at moti mahal malcha marg
Ay i know flight ticket dellhi to gorakhpur
please update me the score ncard
i need your help
give me pdf file of this ticket
thanks !{task}
gud9t
david miller
Train from mum to Bhavnagar
kolkata to dhaka
9:15am today
yes,job done thank you
i need it am plz
I want to know the live status of 12369 kumbha exp
any offer
hi i want to order non veg thali
Book me an ola
del-goi
can you schedule it for every 5 mins
ticket pdf when come
logged in
what is the cost from kanakanagar to yarabnagar
i will definitely book a cab today itself
i want to go to qindong china tomorrow and want to return on 9th with max 14 hours reach time plz help me book ticket with amex card
Number to be dialed to check internet balance of airtel prepaid number (sim Maharashtra)
sorry need to do a web chk in
I want to know Airtel prepaid offers
that is computer system or you are real a girl or boy here???
Get me a good deal in mussoorie, in a four or five star hotel, dates 30in 3 out October. Preferred walnut Grove, fortune grace...five rooms
do we have any volvo bus from chamba, hp to delhi on 06.03.2017.
sry uber nhi h
What i need to show at the Restaurant
"		i would like to cancel my call shohitha  kusuri reminder for fri, 31 march at 11:59 am { reminder_list: 679079, user_id: 1975500, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
please improve your services
when will the match going to start
mumbai indians match schedule
i won't be getting any cashback on the above right
okay after match send me yes points table
this was to transfer funds to ms soniya
normally ek ticket ka kitna charge ho sakta hai ipl ka
alarm for komal set?
Offers on CCD and Starbucks subway MCD kfc..?
from kolkata to mumbai
hey please inform me regarding the climate of kolkata
hey npls send me the batting score card of both the teams
yar dil pighla dete ho tum bhi , kshama wama maang ke ,
hdfc atm
colaba
remind me tomor at 2 about hdfc again
Nearest idbi bank
at 8:30 am
is there any discount scheme is ongoing ?
can you tell me the fare estimate?
thank you . good night
Rail  telugu movie review
Remind me on 24 oct to pay bill
i need service center for this mixi
disregard
bro wake me up at 8:30 am today
women t _numeral_
onward n return both
I need flight ticket for chennai
state  bank  of india
can you just remind me a day before kkr s match everytime is that possible
how*
is train250 working
stadium name
"add a new to-do	task: logan	date: march 2, 2017	time: 5 00 pm"
one more reminder
which category cab will you be booking
ccd offers
score pleas
Tell me the rout for go lonavala to domestic airport Mumbai
good morning manisha
can i get cashback
there is no match in current month
hi any offers on food delivery?
"pnr:6462235438,train:55664,doj:08-03-17,3a,kxj-agtl,dep:10:15,	anjali das 2,b1 9,b1 10,b1 12,	fare:1020,sc:0.0 pg ins	how can i collect ticket"
can u track down my courier?
what was the pitch report for the match hpnd last nyt
2remainders pls dont fail to call
mahal nagpur ka location batao map me
Set reminder
wake me at 12:13
magadimetro road
i want to schedule my reminder to 8 am and cancel 8:30 am reminder
general
i didn't get my recharge
kk thnx
hajipur
remind me to pack delhi muri order today afternoon at 2 pm. i want a specific reminder not a general reminder.
please tell me order of burger king
Can u please help on train availability to pune for Friday morning
total price for 2 tix after discount
who won the match _date_ night
"		i would like to cancel my `wish maitri happy birthday!` reminder for sun, 03 september at 12:00 pm { reminder_list: 693848, user_id: 1533867, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
is seats are available
remind me if there is free offer
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for mon, 06 march at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 727215-727216-727217-727218-727219-727220-727221-727222-727223-727224-727225, user_id: 1986225, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can i get any cash back?
many i know where ghazi movie is playing in guntur
but it shows not in my area
Is my order confirmed ??
yaa vanisha thanks
raniganj to kolkata
any other options for shifting goods?
Cheapest flight for tom 11 sep BLR-MUMBAI
Hi I have one doubt normally for ac tatkal starts at 10 Am but your tatkal booking starts at 10:30 am
any offers on airtel perpaid
look for sl in fuluknama
Is der RAC OPTION
Bankog trip
Show me tomorrow's schedule
just help me with informing about matches that are going to held _date_
Book my train tickets for indore 23 october 2016
please send me again my all reminders
and score point table latest
good aftrnon
hey when will i receive cashback for cab
13164 train number
which team win _date_ ipl match
can you guess who would win _date_ s match srh or dd
pnr?
ji filhal to nhi
do we have good deal ..want to travel to goa in may
can you cancel the wake up call..?
how many overs are remaining
western union
ipl match ticket
Heyy. Can u find me a train from my location to Sevagram?
OK pls send Nagpur to Mumbai rates of flights
too long
ajj kon sa match ha
need to cancel the reservation.
how was that?
nearby?
want to book
dadar
I had set a reminder and I was told I will get calll fro ur end , but I receive   only message when I come online ..... Which is of no use , as I get message from ur end only when I come online
contact number for same
cab you help me in getting an ice cream from natural s
hey ronak can you remind me every 3 hour
total no of nagarparished of wasim
cab for 6 people
Will I get ola from Mumbai Airport
i want spoken english classes address
match going on or will start
nope..!
Bus number???
which is the best team of ipl
i'm cancelling my booking
how to cancel wake up alarm
every day but only between 0800 and 2100
can i know _date_ match tht how much each player scored in rcb
hyderabad to bangalore  tarin tickets i want today
rcb match time
koi offer milega
sir its self driven or driver is provided
at present who s the owner of rcb
is the cancellation of my ticket is initiated?
can u help me to find out cheapest and best beauty parlor nearby my location?
What time is d train from Kharghar to Thane now?
lekin mujhe tikut kese milega
hey, can you find me the nearest petrol pump?{task}
Appointment with Chinno bhai on 27th September 2pm
current player s
thers a change
to kya us ka ticket printout jarori hai kya
very good morning
find my nearest real estate broker
would haptik help locate ?
muscut
can you remind me to manage my portfolio every sunday at 9pm
are u there sir.....?
budget 1000-1500
remind me every 30 mins
Cheapest beer bar
no more reminders. thanku
can you send me the orange cap list
how u will remind me for water
Dominoz menu?
who all are playing _date_ and at what time and place
how's uh??
ipl matches will be telecasted in which chnnl
thanks will ping back at 11 then
thanks dea
ajj morning me 4 am me inform kr dijiyega sir
would you help in this
remind me on 27th march at 9 pm
Hollywood movies chennai
actually i have no one to talk thats why message to u
hello yasj
book me train ticket on 6th march to ern
biryanii chicken
gud mrg
thank you for helps
may be. confirm
other movies
pitch report for _date_ match _date_
Not ATM...I want SBI bank
why you don't accept international cards ?
hi can u arrange for an ola auto
on 23 march
bbc
send forum mall location pllzzz
i want for dth recharge
but i wanna...wet one...it covers everything so why i need dry then...
i need list of offer
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 673359, user_id: 1970083, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
I want to know about the cheapest travel from Mumbai to Kolkata on 14th October after 4pm
hey could you tell me the matchs scheduled for _date_
Need plumber
currently what s d point of ipl every team
hi .. need a train ticket booked on anga express from kiul to yeshwantpur on may 10th
i thought you are malayali
no, please cancel it
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 10:30 am { reminder_list: 714933, user_id: 1393992, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
hey, can you set a wake up alarm for me? ⏰{task}
remind me to call dad for jio
No need direct flights
kesingadh (orisa)
i would like to buy a washing machine desacling powder. where can i get it in indiranagar?
it's ok you are my pa
non veg restaurant
Kalka train kb tk chlegi yamunanagar se
Dosa
Wanted in forum
i want goa flight tkts
to china
can u tell me where is d mart near by me
what about mira model school janak puri
45 minutes
hey what do you think is gayle prove disastrous
cyber towers hi-tech city
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 401506, user_id: 1728772, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Pls book train
ok thanks for ur details
I need some money
Not d stap watch
What trains can i get now from chiplun towards mumbai?
Wanted to order food from planet cafe Manipal
I prefer 600 fare bus
Carpenter should come with drilling machine, drill bits and screws
can you please check couple entry costs in titos club goa
no.. thanks submit..
please shate with me who won nd the final points table
Hi! I want to recharge my MTS ultra wifi internet
"please proceed with below flights -	onward flight - rs.6174	indigo (6e-818)	jaipur to hyderabad	departure: 02:15 pm (30 mar)	arrival: 04:15 pm (30 mar)		indigo (6e-357)	hyderabad to bangalore	departure: 07:00 pm (30 mar)	arrival: 08:20 pm (30 mar)	 {product_id:7f012d757e824ed0e7e9b11f1696c1dcb373e9be7c6aeea2d709933547d1cd59668cb75ea6d1e29373c224007a4e24d6791f3f6aff5322e1bef98193e345627d, api_name:goibibo_api, type:onward_flight, others:onward flight - rs.6174 indigo (6e-818) jaipur to hyderabad departure 0215 pm (30 mar) arrival 0415 pm (30 mar)  indigo (6e-357) hyderabad to bangalore departure 0700 pm (30 mar) arrival 0820 pm (30 mar) }	return flight - rs.8012	indigo (6e-164)	bangalore to jaipur	departure: 09:55 pm (03 apr)	arrival: 12:15 am (04 apr)	 {product_id:1740207628cd8f949f8f3950dc12127144fa0b2bebfcd94066f09837f63d03dc49ec2507b9d33597f9cde7a1b11f1dd7429961a5a6089d7b391ea9b71465981f, api_name:goibibo_api, type:return_flight, others:return flight - rs.8012 indigo (6e-164) bangalore to jaipur departure 0955 pm (03 apr) arrival 1215 am (04 apr) }"
Could you please tell me the order status?
any cashback
are there any offers?
first of all i m looking for place
no yaar only lower seats
gm baby
nishant you remember me na
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 05:00 pm { reminder_list: 714060, user_id: 1422068, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Tell me what eateries are present in eta namma mall Bangalore
distance from ahmedabad railway station to  airport
Nearest station
i will pay later
can drive instead
plzz suggest me any coupon or discount in train ticket
sorry i booked with another app
hi i want some help with train travle
Any recharge offer my number
sure thank u
movie i want to book tickets
full form of ngo
i would like to cancel my to-do: pay advance tax. for fri, 10 march at 10:00 am { reminder_list: 526140, user_id: 1153438, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
del sxr  31 march   sxr del 2 april  1 seat   cheapest.
good job thank you friend
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 05:00 am { reminder_list: 708936, user_id: 1982962, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
yeah he did and issue is resolved
i need a taxi for
when is bhadri ki dhulhaniya going to release
citi bank atm i need
bolo
I want to return  on same  date
I need 1 bhk flat
mujhe first ipl season okay _date_ match ki details janni h
hello i stell i didn't get my refund
i don't want a call can u please only message me as a remainder
money
i would like to cancel my `wish kalden happy birthday!` reminder for wed, 01 march at 12:05 pm { reminder_list: 662784, user_id: 1655742, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
whats the _date_ match
hey puneet i wan na know abt the points table will you help me soon
m luking 4 gps navigation aap wit voice feature bst 1 for car driving at fonr
Can u pls arrange a call from Carpenter  first?
2hour
can you help me
Improper water flow
i am asking for cafe coffee day pls
do have the schedule for the semis
can you let me know the timings for wankhede cricket stadium ticket counter
forget travel dates..give timetable
was there any coupon that could be applied?
Just give me a text reminder
Why do I keep getting calls for this reminder as well
why is gayle not playing
any pediatrician near jonai
Hi I like to book a bus on 7.10.2016
i need help with repairing my fridge
_date_ s ipl match score npls
please proceed{api_name:uber, request_id:d156580f-cc69-4c67-a595-e3165b6c1b2f, confirm:true}
u tell me pg in ganganagar for 2 month
how many wickets were down in bangaladesh
i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 12254{product_id:12254_hwh_vskp,api_name:trains_api}
Do not call me for any reminder
Find good Italian restaurant near me
cab driver is telling that i need to pay hand cash
royal enfield 350
Sony Vaio service centre
for give a cup to achhelal
singam3 tamil movie
hey hasan can u find me idbi bank atm near me
actually i need 2 tickets can i check the schedule again
make the reservation for 9
29/9/16 remainder to take Xerox for bank
i need to book a flight from chennai to hyderabad on march 7
vathekuchy
Em looking for some honeymoon packages
is it for free??
wake up call?
Can you tell me the taxi charge if I wish to go from Badlapur to thane Railway station
Is there any Standard Chartered atm near me?
not after 10 pm.
I want to book a table
give me the score updates of ipl matches
msg me live updates
sorry need to pay
in the morning
Where is the oppo mobile service centre in kota
near by theatres
there is no low price flight
Puneet can you tell me if there is any train ticket available on 9th september from delhi to lucknow
acme refrigeration co 12/13/14 sitaladevi ind estate, 140 sitladevi temple road, mahim west mumbai : 400016
as i checked, you will get a refund of rs. 485 for the above ticket. shall i proceed with the cancellation?
"please show me one way flights from dehra dun to lucknow 		onward date - 09 march"
advance booking of logan
Cost of sleeper class
and semifinal
thr
kaise ho tum?
n check there rates too.... try to get a prime location like cantonment or sigra
can u tell me the other rout
no monika
Pls cancel all reminders
hi. i haven't received the confirmation yet
what about _date_ s match time
when are the semifinals
wats this promo...
pls cancel my reservation
Pls confirm me will it drop to loni or not bcause I want to book the tickets of prassana purple but first give me available seats images..
anjali. are you a bot or real person?
rtc x roads
I want to order from Bon Appetit.
say about _date_ match
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 02:00 pm { reminder_list: 287517, user_id: 1672423, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
now tell me please
Amul
eluru
please stop this reminder
I don't need reminder today
i need something near aundh
Book me a cab
I would like to book tickets for tomorrow 4:00 pm pink show in Pvr naraina
Agra to pilibeet bus
there{task}
which match are run in this time
ji thank youuu verry much ..💌💌
Please show me
wats srh s score
i would like the get the updates
no i want it in every min
Please remind me to speak to blah and Kshitij on the 9 th of October on fox and Viacom and eros
to jugal for amf
i call to cc they say no bill payment in our account
who do you think will win possible chances
please provide qoutes
tell me the schedule of ipl
i need laundry service
i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 06:40 am { reminder_list: 531464, user_id: 1449767, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
Please set reminder for 5th Sept @ 9PM to book tatkal ticket for next morning
I wanna airtel data pack rate
i want to check a bus station in pathankot
please cancel my reminder schedule
hii. wanna learn programming languages.. can u pls tell me where i can learn
How can I get reminder call on another number
When reach to kacheguda station
know
kitna din mai ho jaye ga jama
shruti plz cancel my wake up reminder upto 6th mar
isnt it a genuine query
i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 07:30 am { reminder_list: 658081, user_id: 1969817, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
any offers in hyderabad
bhenchod
"please check availability 	date 11th march	from bau	to hbj"
Hw to activate DND on my cell no:
last t _numeral_ match score in bengaluru
can you say  how to go birati from tollygunge
don't call
for reminding me
please tell me about best vetnary doctor in bhopal
and i have received cashback only for one
list of highest batting average in all over t- _numeral_
timing should be before 5am
how many runs chris morris
hi, i want to book uberpool - 1 seat {product_id:59e13de0-823e-4856-b031-073305dd6c07, api_name:uber, product_name:uberpool - 1 seat, seat_count:1}
wrist pain medicine
what is beer
I want nearest IDBI bank
free anything
hi am sorry, it seems the problem was resolved, how can i cancel the appointment ?
nothing me nombur
ok then,will soon be coming up to you to help me with recharge☺️
Hie can u book tickets for Esquare pune
please share how many player r now in pitch
why u are not accepting my debit cards
armed cota
Best data plans for 9988228790
data recharge on my number
no idea
jagatdal
set a alarm for tomorrow 9:30 pm named exercise
Tell me bus from edarikodu to ernakulam bus time
not ola
train time for tomorrow
finals ipl _numeral_
yaaa
wednesday
Msg packs for airtel?
dth recharge
vasan eye care
shruti.....i need someone to look after kids along with basic household cleaning
need to remove reminder
what s ur prediction who will win
ok mam. good day
Theatre near laxmi nagar
where is lee kidney care
Travel packages to bhutan
is there a vasco bangalore express that leaves from bombay?
someone left me at cab chat
realy a gret app
wat about the film
yes dear good app. really i appreiciate urgood job
bus booking?
okay tell me the score as soon as match start
which movies are screening at wardha ?
Hi! Can u find a best  flight booking deal from Bangalore to jaipure for 16 th February2017 . I would prefer evening flight . No of passengers 2 adults& 1 child
can you please give me a info about _date_ match
please book a cab for me from t ward municipal office to raj legacy lbs marg vikhroli west. at 1:40pm today
Axis bank cdm
can you tell me what will happen if we not take prime membership of jio
bolling pitch or batting pitch
so i won i mean gujrat
hey, i want to book movie tickets.{task}
hi hasan..m very upset.. u guys have not given me reminder for my medicine 😢
To kolkata
will i get 75 cashback on this ride
sad moment for banglore
Remember me to go for dinner at 9:00
theatres
can i know the playing _numeral_ of pune
3/30/2017
new updated points table
hi where r u now
hy u der
who do you think is going to win _date_ s match
tandur
no don't want
any offers for bill payments
Looking for running movies in my area
thats was mistakenly taped
Movie in any Oder theatre
alarm plz
hey deepti
any restuarenrs near by
by jet airways 9w980 vtz to mumbai on 2nd today 1.35 pm e ticket number 5891258754630
whr is metro station
what you think who will win the final
any idea who would win
great will get back once the match happens
I want a train ticket
"cancell all my reminders 	include daily reminder"
want to buy tickets for eliminator
can you send me pdf copy of my ticket
give commando 2 rating explain story
logan tamil movie
How do i book?and what is the ticket price?
Sir    Onida  service centre      pls address
this no can not work
postpaid bill
station near to kovalam beach it comes under trivandrum district
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 4 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 716936, user_id: 1984495, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
firebowl rstront kaa no chiye andhari west
plzz set my water. reminder rvery 2 hours
u can wake up that time to me
where is my cash back?
Please suggest me coupons of free charge,paytm and mobikwik for dth recharge,i am an old user,give me the best offers
Please shows nearest car care shop
the meditating monkeys hostel
hey can you help me with most runs stats
dnt wake up
Train for new delhi to allahabad
Hi! Can you please check the train ticket availability for 23rd oct
Ok harsh..can you booked a sleeper class ticket for me on coming thursday, 8th sept.
you are not sending any updates
will u people speak with me?
is it true
thanq suraj
my hard wishes they win
bouquet is supposed to be delivered in delhi
plz send tckts on this mail
hey plz cancel my all deal
i want your help
Is there any direct bus from mosque road to cormangla
which movies are releasing on upcoming Friday?
ahamadabad to delhi
Reminder to call jhaji today evening 5pm
ok thanku so much sir
no thanks for this
yes thanks
last booked no
showing error to put correct amount
can you send me scores after every _numeral_ minutes live scores
if my mobile data is off. will happily work
i will chat u after one hour
don't cancel
can you check it
any romantic movie?
special,which ice cream they have???
Wake up Praggy 5.30
i want to schedule it to 2 pm
Ola,uber is avaiable near to my location?
please help me with current points table status
Want to check net balance of bsnl
no its ok
when will the advance booking start?
srinagar association 3rd stage banshakari to kotak mahindra bank  banshakari 3rd stage katrigappa banshakari bangalore root map
6/30/2017
oh thank you so much
can i get the list of playing _numeral_ of delhi daredevils
Best mutton biryani in pune
remember me to call to chandrappa sir
rcb i mean
help me plz
reschedule
give me some detail about that doctar plzz.
is it call reminder
give me a time table of play off
can i get location of mall of mysore
how is the review of logan?
can't update
hey lets book air ticketa
Stop dis reminder plz
ok this is a ticket
i need to buy medicine
okkk thanx
Mc donalds menu
so now wt s the score of pure
1st class ac coach with no disturbances
dholpur
hii reshma plz remind me i want call siddhi today at 5:30pm
wake yp
Which recharge is best 3g
send me the points table picture
hey, i want to book a flight ticket.{task}
i like haptik when they help ti us in each n every thing
do i get what i want
wake up on the same time every day
whole world cup schedule
if i give u a mobile number
remind me on 11th march at 9:30 am to clean the ceiling fan
i need to buy a cake
can you suggest some places arround west delhi
Find me a train from ujn to bpl today itself
Subway restro
can you tell me the rates on tommorows match
what's the scheme for me?
find gyms near me.
no not this
no just tell me about the todays match
i need tickets of iplz
_date_ match score please
Do you do pre booking for movie ticket's
please show my to-do list ✔️. {to_do_list}{task}
Please remind me on 3 oct and 4 october nght at 10.30 am to wish shivangi and monika happy birthday . Respectively
ipl ke kisi season me sbse jyada runs ka record kiske bnaya hai
highest score in ipl and average score kya h sir yaha ka
i asked for deals
no but thanks man
inox
sorry wrong request
can you please tell nearest cinema theatre
Buxar to motihari bus timings and fare
I shared the flight details earlier
leave tat book me a day pass fr 2nd test match ind vs aus
where can i find xerox shop nearby my location
want to cheackin my flight
👍
can u book ticket for wonderla
can u pls enquire about the buffet rates at the restaurants of itc sonar bangla for tomorrow
again the same problem
so what you think who will win _date_
can u plz say me where kondu vellalar community hall located nearby rasipuram
Cn i cancel the tickets i booked lst evening
Can u give me.the seat map for inox
u too
Trains from bangalore to nbq
Order pizza from mainland China
no vote l khapoli
Share sleeper of all trains
current score now
sunday also u people are working
epiphany school pune enquiry number
hey listen
cheapest rate is in which theater
thanks , my gf will do the job :p
any options on pizza hut
gujarat will win know
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 05:00 am { reminder_list: 698609, user_id: 972176, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want to cancel a ticket
mmts hyderabad
i am in kanyakumari.
Hdfc bank kandivli branch
tnqq
i didn't get recharge
on the name of aashish pitale
If I sent you my train ticket can you tell me in which platform the train will arrive
mumbai to delhi today
you also watch t _numeral_ world cup
plz wake me up by 11:59
bdw
any cb offers
Book a flight
Seat no. Etc
Sure show me some
whose the purple and orange cap
kya aap mujhe bta skti h ki _date_ ipl m kis kia ka match h
and also shahrukh khan
i need a lunch booking for today in north campus delhi. can you suggest some restaurants not lower than with a budget of 3000/- for 2 people.
Would prefer evening bus reaching pondi around 8pm
any cab offers?
Is there any place for veg tunday kabab?
sry yaman
i had already set reminders not able to see?
Yess we would like to order 2 burger pizzas
which team has more chances of winning the game
i want have some non veg pizzas
good afternoon. my dear nalini.
Nearby Cake shop
so _date_ there is no match
can i talk to you out of your work because i am free for some time?
ok but i will see about another movie
I need uber Mumbai contact number
prediction for the match
vodafone
wht is the score nw
kedia college esmiya bazar
current score with overs
no for the moment
when and witj whom is the next match of india
keep sending me details of the match
change my reminder timings from half an hour to an hour
nzw vs ausw cricket match
app
gdggddg
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 08:00 am { reminder_list: 691663, user_id: 1979313, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
if set a wake-up call n uninstall the app will i get a call or not?
sorry for waiting
Remind me to pay electricity bill on September 23, 2016 at 1100 hrs
hiee i want reminder about subject
no ,i want to book my reminder again at 8.38 am tomorrow
at wt time match will start india
network is very poor for which payment can't be made.
test
elante movie show timings
what will be the cost
Chinese
no thanks...👍🏻
no no i am just trying it i know the score of _date_ in evening when match will start
who is this
U have booking my flight ticket without my middle name now what will do?
there is no home service catalogue in this app?
hyd and bangalore
i was so lazy to drink water
ntng
location churchgate
means  there direct flight for indore
i have added the funds
updates the run pliz
recharge not successful
that'll be great
can you remind me to keep my practical file in my bag
unable to use fly1000 one time also.
it's done thru other source
dooronto
where do you live
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 07:45 pm { reminder_list: 725262, user_id: 1985625, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
navratri chawk sector 3d gandhinagar
what s about _date_ match
mexican italian chinese
nevermind
Please activate DND on my mobile
is there any offers
can u book a spicemax
jo money aayega wo account  me chala jaye
web check can u do for me
Hey wake me up fro study maths at 5 clock
can u help me to get wall painter
sorry pls cancel
which hindi movie releasing next week
i want to ask you something
not yet decided
credit card bill payment 2095
Hey is there is any discount on domino's pizza
you're welcome.
in visakhapatnam gayatri college bbm course is there
its okk{task}
Is pink releasing tomorrow?
yes i want but cheap rates i am searching other apps and getting more than this so please even you find out once
depends.... first i had like to know the cost...
sorry by mistake
it's mishrat ali khan birthday
i want the pick up at sharp 1 pm and drop before 4 pm
who is the lowest run scorer this ipl
its ok
resorts
any discount /offers
consumer-001526453995
i want to other date booking
Hey, can you remind me about my upcoming exams?{task}
Hi sumona when is the next train to Nampally from Lingampally?
daily
yes aarti i got to see the match
Ahmadnagar to Akola
Beat Vodafone call rate cutter
and keep me updated please
can you provide me my last ride's transaction id...
please tell prizes given _date_
Tirupathy train on saturday evening
school ka card se flights me bachchi ja sakta hai
And I need a call at 8:45 also
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 704902, user_id: 1981760, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
A table tennis playing place.
will the tickets get cancelled??
is this app is a offline app or online app?
Please help in hotel booking at Dubai
added in paytm
do you want to sleep
Hi punnet I am going to 8th October this site availability 12864 train no Tirupati to howrah
how much is the price of 3mc veggie meals
mahesana se travel khana order krna he no. plz?
"please show me one way flights from pune to indore 		onward date - 02 may"
suggest me some place where i can celebrate my gf birthday
why is my phone not getting recharged?
You have to wake up on this number
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 683401, user_id: 1457824, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
haiiiii
about email
midnight delivery?
study  reminder
hi helf
how many runs did raina makes in gl vs rps
movie?
need electrician
Sir can get transport facility by bus from chidambaram to chennai domestic airport airport
muje kuch latest games dikhao
2 ac room
Near by fitness center
Is der any bus royte no from here to maduravayal
Sengotai tourist places
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 12324{product_id:12324_anvt_hwh,api_name:trains_api}"
tnaks a lot😊😊
:)
ok thanks !
Sbi bank
what is the total collection of shivay?
now tell me which one is nearest
utkal express 3rd class ac frm gp to haridwar on 27 march 2017
received.thanks.
heyy congrats haptik team india won
kal kon jeeta
o hello...
will pune win this season
If I prefer link on 5th and dlifrk exp what is ticket cost for senior citizen
kindly send otp on 9711420567
flights detail rates for every
i need buffet with best deals
I m looking fr 7 days pack
waim
near by d mart
10:43 pm today
attachment not taking
which agancy
hi shruti
ok...thanks
hi score update
please provide me current socre of t _numeral_ live match
Please set the frequency of remainder to 1 hour
ok...i need pune to udaipur train best possible on 10th march
need to go back home to kashmir in month april
change ringtone for drinking water reminder
name of the restaurant?
plumber
i have scheduled a cab for today at 6:50 pm
my location is bavdhan
Pure veg..
give me the current table
btw are you a robot
what the latest score
ride later
i have to know about train running from jalgaon to pune
Latest movie
show me reliance postpaid offers list
could you tell me what are the show timings for logan in inbox quest kolkata on saturday
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 08:16 am { reminder_list: 668963, user_id: 1580456, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
do i hv options for sikkim
was just testing... u guys too quick 🤓
toss kon jita batana
Can u tell me at time intercity express will reach at beawar ? Which goes from ahmedabad to ajmer ?
tell me about weather
do make it quick, the internet bookings will not be workingg after 5 mins
is human is replying.?
can you confirm any sooner?
can you provide me update for each over of rcb vs dd
provide me the score card
i need air asia flight
"any cabs available near my location	like ola,yatra geine,uber etc"
it's difficult here
12/30/1899
Could u please check the current seat availability for 13th November from Mysuru Jn to Chennai Central.
Pizza Hut number
nearest courier service
23:55 go air today flight ahmedabad mumbai right time departure or late
right now score
yusuf its.already set just change the time
vanisha remind me on 20 th march to attend the exam
Trains list from MAS to BZA on this thursday
😄😄
i wud like to have it everyday
karimganj to badarpur tomorrows schedule
Reminder mi to buy detergine
Train number 12833 time table
scorecard of both the teams
in whitefield
this is not playing in my area...
Find me the train from durg to Hyderabad
my last transaction failed. faced the issue 2nd time.  have already initiated refunding 566/- to my bank account. can you please initiate refund of cashback 100/- to my back account. don't want to try again and waste my time
south africa match
no..if coupon applicable ...i can book
thank you for the reminder
may i know the ipl matches in which channal
i don't need cabs
has the match started
one plus one mobile repair shops
I need a flight to goa
hey can u pls check out anjali madam where is a iob atm near by my location
Also confirm the volvo available from jaipur to Delhi tomorrow morning
vipul you are
what is flight web check in
Healthy food
okay srh did it
raipur mein ipl ki konsi match hain
22452 ka status batana
Can u remind me tomorrow to pay my bill
not updated _date_ s match
7869808905 idea ful  talk time
Can i know what are the movies running in PVR of vaishnavi mall banglore and even the timings,ticket fair details on september 15??
please update me toss
massage palore
how much drink a day
Show my all birthday reminder
same details
any offers for pizza mania?
which is the next mi match
hi sharytib
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for fri, 03 march at 09:00 am { reminder_list: 685499, user_id: 1976172, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
what all films are hitting cinemas this friday
to book hotels
wats d score of ipl
sir agar kkr next match har gyi toh bahar ho jayegi ky
specially sbi?
Any restaurant near by ambernath
1 bhk flats for rent
can cancel my all wakeup calls.
when is the india vs pakistan match
new release tamil movie
i am near chikatigudam village
no order
i will book when i need
i think you sent me the points table of _numeral_
mumbai
please show me return flights from jodhpur to chennai
no prob
yes we're here! thank you ?
8971248888
ok thanks..
currently 500/-p.m. did 2gb 3 g and 500mnts free calling ; 100 sms.
will you please stop showing me the score of ipl
bus timetable pune to chopda
anything other than that?
Date
punjab only
i want current office number in my area
gautam gambhir kkr captain
any offer on train tickets
is any restaurant available in gwalior ?
plz remind me bloodcheck for sugar @5.15 pm today
good after noon
i'll decide later
who win d match of _date_
12 ya 13 april
Nearest ATM not for this location
call me at 9:40
does haptik offers any matrimony services
hi, i'm interested in watching winner. {movie_name:winner}{task}
16210 Ajmer express departure time
no from 6am-12am
Find me the cheapest flight any any date within 10 Days
it's passenger
oh my god
query
Remind me on diwali to call Nageena Jitendar
"pnr 2328734024	train : 16588 - bkn ypr express	dt : 1-3-2017	boardingstn : st	reservedupto : kyn;	class : 2a	p1 : curr stat : w/l 7;	chartstatus : not prepared	coach position : na	 now book rail ticket on 139 and pay using upi and mobikwik wallet, dial 139 and select option 5."
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 09:00 am { reminder_list: 714039, user_id: 1984059, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
hello
12/30/1899
what are this weekend movies
how is logan the wulverian
thanks okay i am  use this code  my next recharge
i want to know availability and fare in ac 2 tier (2a) in train number 15013{product_id:15013_dec_kgm,api_name:trains_api}
score table of rcb
could plz read my message and reply...
tell me tomarrow train timing from ludhiana to mumbai
book ticket from gulbarga to yesvanthpur first class
"today i need, elevator (lift) maintenance service provider in vadodara, gujarat		can you help me?"
where am i ?
need to chk pnr status
Hey! Can you help me out to find ATM nearby?
which is the first match in wankhade
show me my to do list
10 ppl
can yu tell me the rates for bangkok pattaya 5 days trip rates
"		hi, i want to book ubergo {product_id:3d67403a-afdc-41a1-9ea9-df68a3f4a835, api_name:uber, product_name:ubergo, seat_count:none}"
who is the winner but
monica
inter national booking provide  or not
Moto service center
i want reminders to drink water every 3 hours not every hour
those r in good service? i mean they have cash to draw?
hello it's wrong location
can i pay apspdcl bill
thnk u 😊
ur from
remind me at 7.45 pm
i want offers
with the stadiums in which the matches r going to happen
not flight hotel check in
today 8 30 am
golden temple
i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 06:20 am { reminder_list: 213830, user_id: 937002, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
can you show me proper one by one match
i have eat chinese in hotel i want to pay him money i don't have cash
allahabad bank in dahisar
now what s the point table
appy
its dilsukhnagar
for tmrw interview
does this train stops @ shivajinagar
okk thank you
for airtel
katappa ne bahubali ko kyu maara?
any mob bill offer
dude this is not a points table
Give me the train stops between murkonselek to kamakhya
what all can you do ??
nahi yaar
plz give me life fit gym mobile no
got altogether
did they win
what match scheduled _date_
n what career is there
m looking for sweet bengal
thank you samiksha
Current status of 53615 train number
show the list of my pending reminders
i don't have pnr number but i do have reference number which is confirmed by agent
good afternoon to u baby
how far i am from new barrackpur
time to drink water
we are in andhra
Give me one food coupon code
m getting refunded wats the issue
sorry thank u
paytm i having money
oh okay
good nigh
is about what?
send me link
it s india v s pakistan _date_
travelling hours..??
Trains from kacheguda to ananthapur pls tel me
set
5 months from now
"chakkalakkal, palarivattom	ernakulam, kerala	india"
will i get a phone call
Frequency of Reminders:  2 hours
Hi , can I please get Domino's offers and discount coupons for today
no no..i snt wnt to book by haptik...becoz no offer for me
can you please check why the recharge is not done
cn u tell me is it mnc
what about mumbai indians
i need flight chandigarh to lucknow
Plz don't call me at 8:30 in evng
Hi, I need all the possible cruise options from Malaysia to Thailand in the month of December.
i shall get back to you incase i need further assistance
gud bye
check for movies in my area
hiiiiiiiii
need ola micro
is it applicable for airtel?
Can you please remind me one day before for meeting reminders
pagel h kya me kya bol ra hu or tum kya kr ri ho
I m Having my Bus at 11:00 am..make sure I shouldn't miss it
can it be of today
do u provide any offers for this
biryani center
Can u shw me best 4g plan internet plans for airtel
can you please please let me know nearby clinic to get thyroid tested?
too costly show cheaper
What is the price of the ticket?
please turn off the medicine reminder
why should i can't find it?
Ahmedabad to Hyderaba flight on 29&30 September
apki 1 chootisi help chahi ye
Lol not interested in Hindi movies.... Or any movies...........I like dark horror one.....once that shows only darkness and candles and a dark ghost...so much darkness....
can you update me with score
Can I get to know what's the balance inquiry number for TATA DOCOMO?
can you help me with places to visit near by ville parle?
send me again
duvet
Western union
what is live score
basha
pest control chemical for my plants in kitchen garden
tell me the cinema movie at cheapest price for movie dont breathe near ncr region
which match is there todae
could you please forward me oh so stoned contact number
pune, maharashtra 411046
madam tomorrow is sunday right ?
stop both the alarms
thanku very much
yes and you
Which is the nearest KFC shop around me
i would like to edit the to do task
live score..?
fly curry
i want flight for mumbai to udaipur on 6th may
govt junior arts college karimnagar
can i order pizza and pay through my debit card?
whos the winner
thus, when u give me a ride estimate from ola, it has to include everything
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sun, 05 march at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 723289-723290, user_id: 1985901, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
yes i would like to book for  2 of us
break plz
I need call at 12 o clock
thanks so much
who is the best player so far
it is update point lable
Will be travelling to agra manali shimla chandigarh
Sbi atm near me
can you send me the latest points table
is there any promo code for recharge
i want written scroe
presently i don't have that details i will be back with that
actual data connection was on, but i received notification only when i opened haptik. is it necessary that to get notification i have to open this haptik app?
sir batala library
ok....
sure n u too didi 😁
ni thanku
that's it, thank you.
dharmavaram
he said no inspection charge will be waived off
check in all the trains to nashik in the morning
nearest aadhaar card enrollment center
pls dont send reminders
is the deal done
What is the difference between appliance repair and handyman services ??
send me old tickets again
i want to book candle light
plz told me bus from nandurbar to dhule on 7 march
yeh
can't you find onward ticket so that i don't have to wait at mumbai for a whole day
Any Affordable gym nearby
give me the schedule please
i was luking for train tickets booking
i want mumbai to enter playoffs
and indivishual player score of rcb
set a reminder to pay the rent
can u find me maruti true value shop
what was the score of _date_ match at noon
ohh india lost
thats my number
top _numeral_ players list
good afternoon nishant
If I book the tickets on Friday....will I get that 50 discount?
show reminders
u delete it history
hi, i'm interested in watching guardians.{movie_name:guardians}{task}
i need a review
Hey u have codes for reliance or Tata DoCoMo of free offers
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 704545, user_id: 1981703, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Hii renuka
Can you find me unmarried couple hotels in bbsr
tk u shilpa
thanks gn, please leave uber pool rates to airport pl.
8:30 to 9:00 am
Can u look out for pizza hut
send me regular updates
do you have any offer to book railway tickets
thats it thanks alot...take care naresh
axis bank atm near my location
6764911127
Book ola auto for me
please wake me at 2.00pm
ohhhh
Nearest atm from my location
hii...pooja
what are the updates for toss
Don't remind me about DND anymore
which transportation is better & available from agra to delhi with lowest rate
fuck off 😝😂
remind me to check octaneai.com tomorrow night at 8.00 pm
list of all games in _numeral_ - _numeral_
too expensove
that's all thank you..
lko to maa
sorry wrong msg
Nearby Non vej resturent
evryday
i want to repair wheat flour machine
yes you may share other options
what is imdb review...?
can you find me hdfc bank atm near by?
ok faster
it's was great thanks for the update
12312
good night
no queries
I want to tow a vehicle from Lucknow to gurgaon
i want book movie winner
whom do you think win
how to teach matheran from mumbai
card
thank you melissa
Hi can u find me the best flight fares from hyd to delhi on October
i want to go vizag there is no destination city of vizag
cn i know the rankings of the player like higest runs max wicket max sixes max fours etc etc
Hotel bookings at daman
where is my train no 75717
Rajarhat rooms
timings please
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 01705{product_id:01705_bpl_jbp,api_name:trains_api}"
for dth
can you close this reminder
yes every _numeral_ min you may send me score
want to use wallet balance
mujhe tatkal boking krani h
Can you tell me best time to visit these places??
Can u tell me the current status of train  chirmiri rewa fast passe..
why please revert back
can you find me a shop near realbox data analytics pvt. ltd., sector 2, noida, uttar pradesh where i can get printouts?
car wash center
what was the scorecard for dd vs kkr _date_
Same dates
haven't received any refund
i want to pay andhra pradesh state bill
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 694463, user_id: 1534773, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
please provide some more link
han that's what
_date_ may bangalore vs pune match
12676 03-03-17
is there any local train from dgp to dhn at 5.40
from dominos
how much kohli totally scored in this season of ipl
na bhai thanks
need tickets! can u help
need ac fitting
near by hotels
Can you find me a pizza shop that can deliver to me.....
Reminder today at 530 pm to leave for Bindu and carry her file
ystrday i told you to update me with score of the match but i did n t received any
nice talking to u. visit mirage film institute, 14/65, tirumalai pillai road, dharmapuram, t nagar. (opp to vidhyodaya school) near valluvar kottam signal.  goo.gl/owuxq4
later
gogo i'm asking for thali not chinese food.
Running status of train 13235
sorry cancel it just got booked a ride
please hindi
cheap flights to mumbai
hello ,,what's ur name?
cancel my water reminde4
please tell me fast
any offer in train booking
How much does 1gb 2g data for idea cost?
at what time is eng vs nz
scorecard of gujarat lions which was played _date_
Plz set the same reminder on next date
i want bus ticket. .... ?
i did not get a call this morning
4541 669 555
How is irumugan review
very good morning
yes, please....
this is the price for 2 right?
_numeral_ wicket konsi
thanks for ur support...
who won yesteeday
from iskon temple to sarvottam nagar  sabarmati ahmedabad
any offers on airtel
m looking for home delivery food
how can i stop the reminder for drinking water?
hey who won _date_ match between punjab v mumbai and who is the man on the match
need to book flights for 2 for mumbai and return. for a short vacation after visiting shirdi
i need a plumber
have u sent ticket on e mail id of akash
can you find the nearest atm
thanks shruti
I want to know the show timings for pink in priya cinema kolkata
dayn smiths spell
i didnt get cashback yet
driving classes
i wanna order cheesilicious range of dominos pizzas
can you pleaee updat thebscore
where is the _date_ playoff being played
"medam reminders 	6pm ka kar dooo"
please make it fast
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sat, 04 march at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 698214-698215-698216-698217-698218-698219-698220-698221-698222-698223-698224-698225, user_id: 1980744, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Set a remainder please i always forget to drink
i want molten lava cake
hi, i want to book ubergo {product_id:db6779d6-d8da-479f-8ac7-8068f4dade6f, api_name:uber, product_name:ubergo, seat_count:none}
tomorrow i hav a meeting with hetvis dad at 10am..
Show me the details about the bus rajkot to ahmadabad on thursday
god mrng sir
Hey i want to travel latur to pune on 24sep evening can get reservation of sleeper class
Cake order and deliver
yes mam
Need a ATM
who we will _date_
veterinary
i would also like to set another reminder
n al ready wake
meeting with manjunath
thanx vipul
can we pay landline bill
medical stot
just let me know who wins
monday 7th march auction is there 12 pm please remind me
i'll let you know by tomorrow
thank you danie
which team win _date_ match
thanks...
hi shruti
yesss
can u please help in finding nearest tanishq jewellers
tnx
mere pas vodafone ki taraf se ek special offers ka msg aya h
I want recharge dth
I want to go to Pune on 7th night
remind me on 9560238515
Looking for a hotel
rajasthan? ?
i already done this
_date_ wch match
Which movie is playing in sahakar
i want tickets for mumbai
are you there?
sorry i just need the points table
RO purifier service
mp
Tell me about chandigarh to shimla bus fares and timings please
Can u tell me the live pnr of train no 64523
who has hit the maximum numbr of sixes fours in ipl _numeral_
where should i use this cashback
where is gaurav sir
Please start DND on my phone
i want to know if there is a dmart around ne?
Offers in idea 3g net pack?
did virat made century _date_
6,.03.17
PrasaDS
any offer on train tkt
before recharge what is the balance
at 9 am
this film is  running dindigul
sbc to krnr seats availability on 4th
on  11 the only for different timings
Please cancel reminder
Need Indian restaurant
no no thats it
itni raat ko order lete h kya g
only score thats it
ticket for new zealand
i have already set alrm for 2 march 5:30 am
Purchase medicine on Sunday
i want to see in dharmavaram town
who scored the maximum runs for mumbai in this match
but why you told wrong score
is it possible
I wanted to know cancellation charges of train tickets
Orange travels
hi...
Cn u pls check and give me the flight rates for Mumbai to Goa and Goa to Mumbai for 22nd nivember
r u der
sunrisers won _date_ nd with _numeral_ point
gud night
ooo
"engagement of teju deshmukh	date 18 march 2017	time 9am"
don't remember
guest 8members
patna
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 4 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 695116, user_id: 1885287, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
no food order
show is not screening in my area,??
Lava service centre
i want match tickets for semifinal _numeral_
cashback ??
never
remind 1 day before
Cheapest flight to LQ
_date_ match who wil wun
bata de score
suchith jagdesh s playing
Deactivate dnd on my no 8292223839
hey tel me sm trivia about t _numeral_ world cups
hi any schemes going on for recharge for phone?
ankita h r u
could you please reschedule my alarm to 7:45 am daily
Palwal red rock cinema movies timing
hi please do remind me before every match of team pune and kolkata
telangana
can u tell me any special dermatologist in shivajinagar pune 441005
why am i not getting a phone call reminder
hello plz confirm any seat possible delhi to gujarat in tatakal
i need to pay my drh
todays fixtures
who won the last match between rcb vs dd
any other
9/24, lloyd road, cooke town, balaji layout, cooke town, bengaluru, karnataka 560005
good!! i have a plan to travel
buffet rates of barbeque nation at wakad
mattress store
get the ipl schedule
😕
Non ac
i am program is cancelled k i am soory
score board full
yes ni want full scoreboard of rsa innings batting
Start DND
is this offer valid for riding with ola share?
how many.. fare
how many runs do we need
can haptic help me in this case.
remind me to send money to ho e credit @11 :30 pm
for tmmrw s match
what if i want to book tickets for a match
last night kkr match
Every day
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 06:30 am { reminder_list: 697514, user_id: 1728772, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Hi Puneet, I am getting better rates in goibibo. How the rates look now for the same set of hotels? Also can you check for Hotel Mint Probus?
i want to make credit card payment
may i no the best places to visit in kodaikanal
top _numeral_ scores of batsman in _numeral_
np
task completed yday as the call came from vendor
hiii....pooja
m sleeping
is there any chance for pune to qualify
tell me unlimited local call
i ve got the number
Hey can u suggest me best net plan
please don't wake me up early
can i get the updates when india is having a match
oasis ghaziabad
from tumkur to bangalore how much does it cost for a cab.?
no have a great offer already in ola app
6664930632 pls check the pnr
scorecard of current ipl and match please
"		i would like to cancel my call gghjj reminder for sat, 04 march at 10:32 pm { reminder_list: 712823, user_id: 1983847, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
yes remind me abt water everyday
Book lpg online
rates are hight
Want to know fair from ahmedabad to kathmandu or delhi to kathmandu return
send me the ipl teams point table position
air india A I 644 FARE 2881 IS all inclusive
yes i want to recharge with international cards do you accept international cards?
rcb vs gujrat lions
ma'am some time this app not working
no no
score cards
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 11:00 am { reminder_list: 701825, user_id: 1981326, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 9:00 pm. { reminder_list: 699021, user_id: 1980803, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can u tell me d venue of youtube fanfest
it was a nice food.. thanks
is there any recharge coupon valid these days?
"		i would like to cancel my `wish happy birthday!` reminder for sat, 29 april at 08:00 pm { reminder_list: 724817, user_id: 1461091, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
if the seats get confirmed,will you inform me
please find pocket friendly beauty parlour nearby
hi, i want a cab for an outstation trip{task}
21 march  birthday of nidhi shah
why did u share that
yes plz go ahead
so you r from mumbai
no don't do
Want to book a cab
no first just tell me a fair
6:15 am today
Any coupon for oyo rooms ??
y it was not debited from ola money
try asking some agent who deals with the match tickets
give me updates of the match please
Check for lowest fare for bombay to ghy on 18th oct 2016
koi petrol pump hai kya yahan koi
oh that s incredible on that type of pitch
kon jeeta match
show me score
date of birth of yuvraj 20.06.05, ridhaan 23.11.11
send me some places for lunch on fc road and kothrud area
tell me hdfc atm location
hi i want to cancel this ticket
bus would be fine
3 rd march
can u pls check what is the hold up?
Remind me to go to college regarding some work tomorrow.
no i don't want cancel it
hey update the score summary
thanks for the booking...
who is your favourite cricketer
sitarampur se jasadi ke liye
i want to see the movies which has released today
I want hotel in Pondicherry
bawana industrial area narela ke pass se sonipat to shamli
apple service center in andheri west
on find out in next nearest location
Any coupon for ola cab
Drink service centre Kolkata phone number?
wl 7
nd how i should transfer it to my bank
"i want to go karnal,hariyan from indore,mp..so ..can you please tell me..	about the cost and root of trip...and time also"
Inkokadu movie near chaitanyapuri show timings
sid help me out with cancelling medicine schedule as i have completed the course
cancil other one
do you have any idea who will win
yes required but later
Find me a train from hanumangarh to jodhpur
thnksss
Hi good morning.. Today I need a cab for seeing tourist places in Bangalore
when will i get the email/sms?
send me the gujarat lions total score board
reschedule again the same
Is ticket available for chennai to coimbatore on 2.10.16
thank you sir
ओके हम आपसे थोड़ी देर के लिए बात करना चाहते हैं
ipl kitna overs ka hoga
hello siddharth
Plan a short trip for me with my girlfriend
how many ovrs completed
have any promocode
can u find me a book?
no thanks i booked my self
kannada new released movie
I want to set a reminder
Call me 8604697634 to give wake upn
Need 2nd tier AC ticket in Rajdhani from Mumbai to delhi on 29th oct and return on 31st or 1st
Can you find me the nearest post office
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 05:33 pm { reminder_list: 711356, user_id: 1983539, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
I want to repair my laptops
can i buy ipl tickets tlfrom haptik
no problm
Any Near by restaurant?
any movie's for kids
Helloo Wt abt refund
i am looking for pvr skywallk
_date_ kis team ka match hai g
rcb score board please
Hi Sumona can you help me with the train status of 12296
hey can you help me to find best royal enfield showroom
"flight ticket ahemdabad to mumbai	22/05/2017 	return 23/05/2017	economic class	5 adult 1 child	what's the best deal?"
see we have already booked a tickets so can we book which seat we need now ?
very good evening
11 55pm
interior
no thank you
what u will do to wake me?
the above recharge is still processing
update me with todays scores
which team do you think will win
sir what about this karnik eye hospital at dadar
thanks😎
ok i got it
wt home services
hey what the current score of the ipl match
gujarat mail
it's ok
I want to eat spring rolls
sanju samson in which ipl team
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for mon, 06 march at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 723058-723059-723060-723061-723062-723063-723064-723065-723066-723067-723068, user_id: 1633298, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
then y did u gave a commitment of 48 hrs ?,?
mom not there very hungry
are u a human
haptik is great 👍
which team play todayy
okay wich is your team
wake up radhika at 8 30 am
Sbi ATM
the refund for your pnr 2326725680 is not yet received.
hydrabad to howrah train
no not now
thnk.u so much
what happened to _date_ s match with nz
i need some health tips for cough recovery
pic up
uttam hotel in gwalior location????
can i use this offer tom..?
number of tickets available
i want time to time update score
ok bye day mam ., nice to tc
kk iam not getting any remainder
hi rajendra..
please send me when hit a six and four by hyderabad
okay thank you dear shilpa
team mumbai indians
hey are
veg biryani and spring roll
Please remind me on Sept 28th! As "TODAY IS 28th"
Reminder 23rd September 8:45am give collage for printing and taste tea
check the fares for last flight
yes m intrested
good evening i need help need to schedule two reminder call
its system generated..or u r really helping me
give bill to mr krishnan
I want to eat Chinese food
kisne toss jita
upcoming movies
hey puneet, i am back again to disturb you.
waits problem
so you're not my personal assistant then
is there any offer of jio less tgan 303 rupees
what is the best way to travel to goa?
i want to book the flight but not sure with the date.. is it possible to reserve the slot
For 27th Sept Vijayawada railway station will have track repairs it seems..find where the trains stop to reach Vijayawada..I have to book my train ticket..find it
my name is varun and my initial is gannamaneni could you rename it as varun instead of gannamaneni
hello! i am looking to buy a table fan. can u provide me the details of fan sellers near my area?
i need now score
in visakhapatnam andharpradesh
nashik phata
nothing as if now just sawed your pic hence thought of giving you complement
book bus
ok gn
I need to go to Vapi tomorrow
hey there?
need someone  for air conditioning
you start giving score for ever _numeral_ minutes from _numeral_ o clock onwards
kadhal kan katuthae
Cheapest flight tickets from delhi to goa in dec month
stop my wake-up alarm ok
which seats r available
didnt help it made me sad knowing india loose
"hi	is there any option of paying internet bill ?"
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 07:30 am { reminder_list: 714669, user_id: 1982232, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Which movies are showing now
I was supposed to get daily updates of the fare allerts of flights from Bangalore to Delhi and from delhi to bangalore. I didnt receive any today.
m not in gaya presently. i wish to send a cake to my relative there
any offers for recharge??
Cancel all.my reminders
tqq dear nothing else
would u sav address for me
Sure. I'll let you know by 6th Sep as the train is on 7th Sep
On 30 Oct del to jammu
bole begusarai me
Which movie will release coming friday
i want cab from hazarat nizamuddin railway station
what s wrong with my team pune
Need ICICI deposit machine
who was winner
i will book after
Give me heplchat recharge coupon code
not saturday
is there any offer on trains booking?
thank-you
can i use it multiple time
Find me the nearest one plus service center
cnfrmed
okkk
is it updated now
dominos offer
call to dr milind bari
has england won any world cup
taj mahal hotel
work
rcb batting detais
ya i like this app
bluedart courier in area mahim near matunga west
blr=27
just tell me when ever a wicket falls
thank you aman.
can u tell me in jaipur
what about the condition of pitch
booking done
no reminder to call
thanx
reminder to be ready for ashwini sirs arrival3:50
so wt you think who will win _date_
is there any discount available ?
I get daily call at 6pm as a daily reminder . Can it be cancelled and can i just get a message ?
but provider name is not available there cesc
i need helmet dealers in guindy,chennai
u r welcome dear
rahul
i want a cab now
who is the day match winning team
will you let me know the score of each player in final match
Can u book tatkal train tickets
okay score
can i write in hinlish
score table please
cab book reminder
365 rs net package 1 month
Icici bank nearby?
i asked for the top scorer
no, thank you
Will dis remind m for every month .
kay koi parbhat tara collage hay muzaffarpur may
hi _date_ who won the match in ipl
send me _date_ match schedule
I just want only massage for reminder not call. Today and onword from today
Any offers for these pizza?
varanasi  se hydrabad  ke lia 8 march  ko seat available  h
Spa
1 sec
Any ATM of Union bank of India?
i did it
i need one help
no plz don't cancel..
I want SBI atm
not from 10am pls set from 8am
Which reminder is this?
You can book ticket for me in Ahmednagar ?
Remind me tomorrow at 10.30 am about collecting sir papers from GPO
i wanted bus details
will add latr
Pleaze tell the train timings from Mysore to shivamogga. For tomm
Kolkata to Guwahati November 2016
please show my to-do list of pending tasks ✔️. {to_do_list}{task}
i like sunrisers hyderabad
Bangkok package
no i guess you are only offering 650 cash back
and also remind me at 10.25 am today
what are the charges for the flight
add a todo list
can you confirm if the executive can purchase the items before picking them up?
i seen calendar but i won't get proper schedule
kaisa hota hai ipl
is there is any other offer for recharge
Can u find me a Sbi bank
which channel is it on
manali
It's been 7 days since jabong transferred money to your account.. still I havnt got my money
please makebt fast
aerobic classes
full form of ngo
Need a taxi to bikaji cama palalce
i thing vo himachal pradesh me hai?
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for mon, 06 march at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 723370-723371-723372-723373-723374-723375-723376-723377-723378-723379-723380, user_id: 1229349, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
ok let me check
i have got the cash back coupons after transactions on travel section
happy birthday manasa
thankeww
thanks broda!
what happened to the indian cicketer
ok cancel it.
can you share some facts about virat kohli in this ipl
oh! is that so.... thanks for reminding sneha!
can you fund icici atm
please give me the reply of my above queries
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 610401, user_id: 1907916, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
thank you mohit
Is there any bus in the noon
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 593672, user_id: 1949376, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
thnqu
yes thank you for the update awesome match
sorry when i need your help i'll message you
And what is the price of cheapest flight between 8 to 10 am
yes madam but u gave me wrong contact number n driver name
i am not genuine
and.. if in case.. do i have a snooze option
whens the next match
Okk check availability of 14056 in sleeper
can i select multiple
35nfc7
what is the cost of the tickets...?
Maggi Centre
hi shraddha nwill you provide updates on ipl matches _numeral_
who is the captain in pune
remind me to pay my credit card bill due on 7th march on 05.03.2017 please
please check the status of my request
i wanto know on the 15% cash back
"please show me one way flights from mumbai to chennai 		onward date - 18 march"
hi sagar, what's the minimum booking amount??
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 682975, user_id: 1977165, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
ipl team list
okkkk
Find me a flight on 30th of sep
hotel central inn
same to u
i am waiting
20-3-2017 my baby engineering
122001
congratulations for the vistory buddy
didn't get my cashback
telugu version i am intrested
I want bong. For smoking weeds
coupon code ?
update the status if the above
check quick
kkr player list
good evening!!
i want to book for train
i would like to cancel my wake up call for wed, 01 march at 05:45 am { reminder_list: 665012, user_id: 1140979, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
would like to know ...walkable hotels for lunch dinner
okk thnx
can you book a ticket for me
okay do update me whosoever wins the match
I want to check flight time
whoz out man
By call
who is the leading wicket taker in this season
comndo2
Train from jayshingpur to Kolhapur for today
i want to book 7 tickets but i want to get maximum benefits of offer
Kya mujhe nearby Axis Bank branch Bata sakta hai
Tell me about movies ni bhiwani...haryana theater suncity
pure it shop mankoli me kaha pe hai
Nearest local bus stop for misri mayur motor porur
kl okay match m kon jeeta evening wale m
Naturals Icecream
aarav tell me a score
nearby costume renting shops
not received yet
heyy meenakshi
score ky h j okay
n also can you show me the points table
thanks for the remainder, sneha
to call
i want the result of previous match
i can pay 5 thousand 1st and again 5 thousand
is it raining at eden gardens
or where can i get bodybuilding meal in mumbai.
can you please update me with score of _date_ s match
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 695275, user_id: 1980323, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
meenakshi
find the shops in nearby places also like pitampura rohini ashok vihar
ns phadke road
"		i would like to view more reminders. { user_id: 1948820, offset: 5, api_name: exotel }"
i want to pick my bag from laundry shop(i hour laundry) at today evening 6:45 p.m
i6qvqi kaun sha airport pe jana hogs sar
no pls
yup sure
call on meeting reminder i ask
i want tatkal lko to delhi train 6 of march
destination. is noida sector 18
ì want home delivery
johnny llb
tomorrow is not actual what i asked
kya case on delivery ho sakta hai kya
gokavaram
agla match kab hai
chennai to delhi
actually i want the semi final schedule with the qualified team names and other details
sure thanks
i am not sure yet about flight
nope... thank u ☺
hi can you comment on the situation rcb is in
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 704320, user_id: 1981619, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
what is the pnr status
I dnt want a wake up call
which teams are out
thanks for share
thank you nkeep me posted
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sun, 05 march at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 713244-713245-713246-713247-713248-713249-713250-713251-713252-713253-713254-713255-713256-713257-713258-713259-713260-713261-713262-713263, user_id: 1983909, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
semi final schedules
i want you to turn off wake up call
i have not got any confirmation from the operator on this recharge
tanq
Tell me the flight tickets for mumbai to bhuj
can u suggest me good family movie
can i know how to get air ticket in delhi
Remind me after 25 mints
let me know the timing of this train
score board of _date_ s match
Rate cutter std plan
who do you think will win semi final _numeral_
ok...akash
thanka
who is
could you help me, please.
in first class pls book
i want go nanded ... is thr any bus r trains
hii aman
hi score
i need details reg movie shows in palazzo cinemas
i want the image of katrina kaif performance in ipl ceremony _numeral_
i need _numeral_ ipl tickets for _numeral_ may b upper stand cn you help out
wat score ne
_date_ s schedule pleasa
Can you find tickets for thodari today at sathyam cinemas
pls text
that is sufficient
want to book 16 tickets
4429486830
Any dominos coupons?
What is the distance between marudhamalai temple to ukkadam bus stand
wat about rcb
can mumbai will eliminate
...???
🙏thank u for your concern
have you any scoreboard for live match
Is there a train that would reach at 6 in the morning? 3AC one ticket.
best veg hotel to have lunch nearby
shopping mall
every 3 hours
is there any near by chemist shop open ???
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 05:20 pm { reminder_list: 707099, user_id: 1982377, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
I wanto check seat avibability in gwalior to dehi train at 25 september
mow
koramangala pvr
Can u plz modify all the above reminders time to 1pm at all the three dates
ekart office jamshedpur
i am waiting for your answer.
15215 train status
snapdeal office in bathinda
hyderabad will win ha
Bank of India ATM
Stop calling me at 10 in the morning.
find movies at my location
any subtitles??
no i want to port my sim
Can you tell me the restaurant to have panjabi food in alibaug?
today at 7pm
motorola mobile service centre
Sports shop
Remind me to call Adarsh at 9am
and at last tell me d score please
i have to show the ticket which i have received online rite
good evening puneet
so nice of u brother
patna to barh rail way station
service done . thanks
Web check in
bye tc
Reliance store nearby?
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 700816, user_id: 1981160, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can you suggest cheapest travel dates and prices from jammu to pune?
thnks
hi! i need a hotel room to stay for 3 days in chennai with a good facilities and a reasonable price
i am.looking for a massage
hey thanx monica however i hav already booked ticket for 4th april 2017
cancelle i
where will i get the refund?
book me _numeral_ tickets worth rs _numeral_
that pack not there na
india team schedule
Hi can you give me the contact for a plumber in my area
i dint get departure city what is that mean
pls update the train running status
wake me up 5:50am today
thanku @shruti
price??
Hotel n travel plan
are there any coupon which i can use now for paying bill
kittu unnadu jagratta
Can you stop the reminder?
8 glasses a day
i need a estimate for cab
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 05:01 am { reminder_list: 715186, user_id: 1646901, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
No CNG gas  station
chunky chicken
i did not use my debit card last night but this automatically happened
tell me the updates of toss
Tel me the train ticket fair n timing. ..from new delhi to shirdi. .... 7 september
dear sir may i know which movie is running in siddalingeshwara and siddeshwara theater at 1 tomm
hmm north indian food
i want from indore airport to ujjain city
what's the charge for it ?
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 341184, user_id: 1867002, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Book a ola cab?
what is yuvi score in last ipl match
cancel tickets balance my account please help prn number 8656386757
nah
sry i hv done by mistake
sure mam
or shriti hassan kese ho aap
for this week
internet chalu rakhvu pde che madam?
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 722503, user_id: 1985768, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
who team go ipl outside
why am i not getting updates
todays maths venue
tnx sir
hiii
"		i would like to cancel my call jolly reminder for sun, 14 may at 11:55 pm { reminder_list: 684117, user_id: 1974469, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
latest updates please p
Samsung service centre, medavakkam
Any offers on dominos
hw much scored virat
_date_ innings over uh
110
how can i pay hathway interner bill
sup
no offer?
reataurant
One day tour places from mangalore
reminder call please
set the timer for 6 morning. and name it as sex...i need to do sex at 6 morning
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 707199, user_id: 1982421, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
bogan
mumbai indians are in which position
rcb scorecards
Near bizzza
theatre near by
send me live ipl score
burgers and momos
pl cancel reminder of morning 6 am
please give me latest points table of ipl
can i please call me now. i want to talk to u
toadays playing _numeral_
neither it is mentioned in terms and conditions.....so how am i supposed to know about it?
refundable flight
vizag to secendrabad  6th trains
thank you for dat....
hi what you tell me about ipl
i want to take a flight from delhi to mumbai
sorry can u gimme places with deals
there are buses
you know he is my god - - i watch cricket bczz of him
is n t there match _date_
i have not yet received confirmation message from the operator
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 09:20 am { reminder_list: 712344, user_id: 1943057, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
match kaha puchgya
Today jaipur to kota time?
set a alaram
Is it available in gold cinema
is there any option for online betting
not available
yes...i am.doing....two person started using haptik based on my experiences
sorry samiksha
send me match shedules
fan reapir
5march 2017. train no 12420
Can you book tatkal tickets?
todayy
"please show me one way flights from new delhi to ahmedabad 		onward date - 08 march"
need to travel from tambaram to attur on this friday
No it should be reminder on 15 October
thanks....
is there any cash back on recharge
i wanted to go ammerpet
update s
oohh don't mind
where can i find a store where i can get kitchen tiles on karve road and sinhagad road
book uber go
Pls check resorts in hilly station
2nd one 40rs plan
Volvo bus package tour & dharshan & all charges exclude
can you find anything cheaper
my cashback ?
no i am not interested in such movie
details of score
flight information
"my pickup is- 	cello triumph, ib patel road, goregaon east, jay prakash nagar, goregaon east, mumbai, maharashtra 400063, india {note}"
Call remeinder asap
no sorry i do n t like cricket
which is going to win _date_
Reminder call at 8.40am today
i just want to about the best sales for women clothing near me
Delhi to Pune. Cheapest flight today.
ok thanks malvika
check kayamkulam to trivandrum next train
ye train kaha ja rhi hai
which are the two teams playing
😍
how will you get paid for what you are doing?
plz see in low price
thnx arijit
change address
Can u order me a pizza
what is the schedule for the remaining ipl tournament
flight list?
Can u book tickets at pachaiamman theatre ?
please send me india team list
Which theatre and timings
chicken biryani
yar naam to hi poochh rhe hai
remind me for kkr matches
Octopus meat in Mumbai
gi've me payment link
stop reminding me
From tumkur
Please find me a nearby bank
what do you think who will going to win the match
kabila
hi please book a cab
Delhi to Bhubaneswar Utkal Express ka train number kya hai?
38k?
Any train
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 716905, user_id: 1497226, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
khammam to warangal any trains are there now
i m asking flight ticket payment
least of movies
not mentioned there
Orion mall
My Asus laptop is not working. Can you tell me where is the nearest authorized service centre ?
what is the match analysis _date_
Y ur not reminder today 4 water.?
saurikh kannauj
booked via site. thanks for all your help
"aurangabad to kolhapur 		how many distance( kilometers)"
kaso ho app galti se mera se kal haptik ki app delete ho gayi
i have paid first electricity bill by niki app but not get cashback
which team are competing _date_
can u pls help me with the buffet rates for some top restaurants in kolkata
Last order ki delivery nai mili
points of each team
i want all the institutions of aviation in bangalore
cam i pay my reliance postpaid bill to using haptic
let me know
coupons?
I need to know train timing from   belgavi to pune
gazi atak
my plsr
nearby professional couriers
need location near dlf cyber city
send me the full details of dd all maches details
good morning sakshi
i want to go mathura ..can you suggest me a good travel option
can you give me the information about ipl _numeral_
can't you find onward ticket so that i don't have to wait at mumbai for a whole day
Find me a restaurant which can deliver pakoras
buses
i will recharge on postpaid  so what is the promo code on cash back
what s the winning prediction
please let me know why not received
i don't want this booking
one more wicket
31/3
dates are not fixed yet
it's okay.. it is always me who is reminding you things..
i m looking for tv repair
sabse pehle nvivo ipl n cup rate n bangalore -- _time_ n pune -- _numeral_ _numeral_ n mumbai -- _time_ n kolkata -- _time_ n punjab -- _numeral_ _numeral_ n hydrabad -- _time_ n gujr _time_ _numeral_ n delhi -- _time_
Hi, can you please help me with the nearest petrol pump
Tell me the trains from bsp to rjn today
What about Switzerland,germany,italy?
can i get a bus to mumbai for tomorrow
Nearest ICICI bank ATM?
where is india in this points table
can you please update me scores
lower prices
i keep on getting calls from u
Nearer Domino's
vaha ke
send me latest one
Can you check once more check for reliance jio sim
wht about cash back ??
could you estimate the cab fair my location to csit airport
score board please
nehru memorial hall, mg road, camp
r u a human? or a computer?
Can you tell me reliance jio plans
some classes in mumbai
any offer for recharge now ??
what offer on first electricity bill pay
Is hotel swayam good hotel at hubli
send me fresh time table
location satellite
ikr
any cashbacks ofder
which team won the _date_ s match
where is opening ceremony for the same
but i didn't received the ticket in my mail as of yet
Can you check marathi movies as well?
what about todays toss
show me more
hey, can you remind me to wish someone on their birthday?{task}
and my health is not good
kutte
i'm not getting the reminders
plz tell me when train will reach mxn
delhi to rishikesh
can u suggest
near cmbt also
who is this shilpa
will you please send me some good gyms location in punjabi bagh
pnr number 8656386857 cancel tickets amount not my account please
😊😊
navigation
I already told you many times that set this reminder but you are not responding
i did...
Jet airways has direct flights in my knowledge
can you suggest flight to paro,bhutan in the month june last week
any offers on booking trains
bank of maharashtra atm nearby
shall we play a game?
bansari?
thank you for wake me in time
wake me up also at 6 am
I don't think I have set any remainder like that
fen
model - primo
one side
send me map link
what are the places to visit in jaipur?
hello deepti it should be around morning 3:50 a.m
I want to a cab
where it is know
i am very hungry. can u order some pigeons for me please
manal what do you think who will win the final
they are much far from my location
scores pl
are u real person?
whu won the toss
i want a fan to be repaired
can i know near by panasonic mobile service center...
plz tel me
any predictions from the commentators
hey, can you remind me to wish someone on their birthday?{task}
swarna jyanti
you can always have sir
centerl jail restaurant
hi saumya
i need information this train which time to come bhiwani city
i need to know rangoon movie review
abhi ni
i want to travel from bhuj to patna
deepz
nearest park to my location
stet bang
when this offer is finishing?
virat went
can ew predict wch team wins
Are there only 5 seats in dehradun express train number 19020?
ok goo. mor
any offers valid in telangana
how much time did mumbai indians win the ipll
dont know the train no.
pool nearby
no its enough
and ola?
what is shedule of india match
and please update every _numeral_ mins
want to know near by royal enfield show room
do you have your site ablebil distv recharge offer
how are you?
i want to know about the latest points
15000 km
oh shit
can you help me witb that
"open crownit app" delete all
rajgarh
thank you shilpa
15 min wake me up
Pink movie tkts ? Flat 50/-??
icc schedule
that's it for time being
hi can i know the nearest car repair services in tirupathi
i would like to transfer some goods to a place outside chennai can u arrange that?
382715 kadi gujrat
turn off all my reminders
who will win _date_ hyderabad or banglore
opaline.
score of mumbai
after 1 or 2 hours
gl vs kkr who won
You will call me?
anjali??
what are the offers on postpaid bill payment
how do i do
u are not giving any offer to me i am uninstalling u r app
hope less app
Please remind me on Friday. Thanks.
book on 2.30pm train
i mentioned it
there's was special discount credit available to me from uber..
you looking beautiful
Flight status?
Set an alarm at 5
What are the reminder you have set for me???
I want to book a train ticket
who gone have cup for this ipl
Hey stop the water remainder
nothing else req right now ☺️
remind me to go to bank at 10am today
how to send id
i need dnr now
Close all reminder
good noon.
where is kabil
Pls cancel my wakeup call
scoreboard of last match
how is thomson restaurant at parumala?
can you help me to find the one who prints normal invitation card with cheap rates
i transfer rs 10 in bank feom wallet
msds six did n t end the match it was a single run
Find me train from Mumbai to Delhi for 19sep2016
i had clearly picked the top up option for ₹32
no no dear...why you not give me descount  on recharge and bill paymant?
Any good place for a candle light dinner
what is the target _date_ in live match
Flight booking delhi to Kolkata date 16 sep
Okay but you were not able to get the show in Mall of India
N call me
hope my ola mini would be booked as discussed!
cancel all of them
hotel for dinner only
how to make chicken biryani
mujh refund nhii mila abi tj
Puneeth find ticket from chennai to neyveli
11/5/2017
my location is doorvani nagar post office bengluru
Plz book 2 tickets of south bihar on 21 th at 3.50am . And plz make sure that the seats are close to each other......
igl bill payment
pls.... check for 5th of march
I wann to go Kolkata during dusheera festival
no thank u..
plz refund my money now
can you tell me how to go to this address
Remind me to place order for Amit safety at 10 am today
any suggestions
can u just turn this reminder off
yaman
no clicked accidentally
pankaj i will book in late night today. have to book for my cousin as he has a client meeting. he will confirm upon the time by evening.
only tell me names
i will knock you soon
please scores update
nothing is provided
tell something about your self
12/3/2017
Hey....can u tell me the best route to go from marol naka to nerul today evening....
wer do mumbai stand in a tournament
Aloo Paratha from Cafe dlite
i'm a student so i don't want cab sorry
chilly paneer from vedha
near one would be nampally/hyderabad deccan railway station
i hv already use ola cab
any recharge offera
wake me up at 3pm. pls
who was the hero of day
give me all stats of mr cricket
who is d player having record of most sixes in international cricket
Yes give me best deals on food delivey
i already kept remainder
hi, could u help me out with few pet clinics or any shops which sell medicines for dogs in akshay nagar, or anandapura circle??
Lucknow to gorakhpur train
current reservation
mobile balance credit hogya hoga na
remind me to mail  job description to consultant
is it possible for you to check if my return flight can be postponed by 1-2 days without any cost ??
i was waiting 4 u.. 😊
which movie won an oscar?
hi can u book play tickets on book my show ?
thnks sneha
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for everyday at 07:00 pm { reminder_list: 696764, user_id: 1966851, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
good work
pvr panvel
rs.3062 omg
send me the playing _numeral_ players of _date_ s match
9 feb...
hi! i'm looking for a repair person.{task}
who is the caption of hyderabad
any predictions on who will win this ipl _numeral_
royal challengers bangalore
how does it work?
8.30 am everyday
i do it on 10th of every month
Just a reminder is fine
ok decide payment
update live score
kindly check for the cash back now
and most wicket taker
hey, can you find me the nearest medical store?{task}
whats the movie going on?
no, it got canceled
per day
can you cancel my wake up calls
The train was for 4.40
malvika only, i m waiting
k sure wait..
sex krna h meko
yeh train me jo abhi move horahi hai pune se..yeh guwathi kab pahunchegi?
"please show me one way flights from mumbai to udaipur 		onward date - 10 may"
kolkata gl n rcb
can u set birthdays reminder
morning 10 am
Can u suggest a tour package from Banglore to north india
can u suggest me something, for online ticket booking in train
i don't want it for 9 people
we have a match _date_
i have still not recd reply on my above msg
near honnavara
how can rcb reach the playoffs
wht time is the match _date_
Coaching centre
whose is now standing
please tell me about that early
their total runs scored
sorry wrongly processed
we will be there at 6am on 11 th and we will stay there next day 4 pm
are you aboy
Any free window seat
Can I get any taxi from swargate(Pune) to Wai(Mahabaleswar)???
there is no goa
hi sakshi, is there any good offer for me?
no need to make a call in the morning at 8am to remind for 2 glass of water empty stomach
ipl time table
Hi I m interested in booking table for 4 at Opa bar Andheri east
okayy
wake me up at 3:30 pm
please provide me ipl upcoming match in mohali nd ticket price for tht match
cancel all reminders for today
cancel the reminders for pregnancy medicines
which near by location in movie
ok dear tqqq
nt today
I need international cheap flight rate
give me the squad for both the teams for tomors match
yes plz
like what
patto panajim
nearest cafe
may i know the timing?
need booking
please recharge immediately
sir i am defence person
i love yoy
cancel that 7:00am reminder of 29 april
want to book outstation taxi
gn sd tc
Please don't call me just message me about the water
Which railway station i have to deboard if i am travelling from tambram railway station to chennai central railway station
regards bharat
i too delete my history
For sleeper
and send me ticket full details
i'm totally don't know about any apps
which teams gon na play _date_
when my mts bill payment will be done?
can i know _date_ s match schedule
punjab innings
how many runs did vk score in last game
kengeri upha nagar
give me the match shedules of royal challengers bangalore
upcoming india match is with vch team
thank you..😊
how much docount
2g
Got confirmed tckt
no thanks price is too high
cloned
how to reach chiplun from aurangabad
whos match is it _date_
cancel booking
hi which member in india team _date_
prince pls remind at 4.45pm today
i want to buy a bed near by stores
what s the price of final ticket
i want promo code or any offer
tell me the list of hotels near by to my location
how to easy way for collector nagar poonamalli
hello i can book the hotel ?
i want loreal hair smoothing serum can u help me where it is
i want to go tirupati
I have booked the same train.  Can you update me the PNR status once in two days please?
Haldiram restro
postpaid vodafone
Is der any non ac bus available Evening
Ola discount
onward date - 05 march
pune
No reminder received
wake me up at 10 in the morning
sorry i canel my plan
i want am
chennai egmore to tirunelveli, 25th march2017. the date is not confirmed.. but i need details
need an electrician for minor work at hine
i need kb mart address
from coming monday every day at 11 am till friday
"maa to amd 23 april 2017 1 adult i need this filghts - jet airways 9w-7012/7006 		maa to amd 26 april 2017 1 adult i need this filght - jet airways 9w-464/7006		 and return for both people from amd to maa 11 may 2017 2 adults and i need this  filght spicejet sg-501"
Medical nearby
parents teacher meeting tomorrow at 9 am
please do webcjeck
sendg
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 722433, user_id: 1985707, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
what about yesterdays ipl match
i have to remove the wakeup reminders
i was asking u to schedule  me form monday to saturday
my balance
i m bored
Only one option available?  And please I am looking for semi sleeper, AC bus
na just tell me when delhi loses
late night redtaurant open now in indiranagar apart from five star restaurants
shahbad
whats the squad of kkr
any date in delhi match
thanks panku
any college outside goa
any offers on recharge...
Chinese near me
we are losing match _date_
orange cap holders run
sorry for delay in message
hi ma'am
the time was between 9 to 10
Menu of naushijaan lazzat-E-lucknow
i want to recharge my dth.{task}
Battry over Ho gyi thi cn u plz book ticket for me same from karnal to Mumbai
thts all
i asked you to remind me after 3 hours
Hey, can you book me the nearest cab?
Dominos discount coupon
Pizza from pizza hut
can you please provide live update whenever there is march for mi
hi niyati
oh...i really didn't
Which movie is best ?
i am up
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 693927, user_id: 1451388, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
hi can i order food online?
table tennis club
hi archana still one issue i m having not getting notification after getting this app closed...
kyu nai bhaj sakte
SBI?
kindly change the date of reminder from 11-3-17 to 4-3-17
remind me to eat misal at 6pm today
any  cash back offer thier for postpaid bill payment
oka
this atm not working
i need a sbi atm
what is this.?
gamca institute kya
any deals for tomorrow
sorry sir
Plz search any hotel for family in cherai beach
which bus takes me ti powai
if i will pay today when it will update
can you send me the list of players playing in kings xi punjab _date_
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 06:22 am { reminder_list: 702308, user_id: 1981405, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
"train no-15484	date 12 march 2017"
Vdcon dth recharge
near cake shop
bike model
thank you for u r assisi
briyani
halishar
monday 8:00am
please give me the seat availability of this train
match ended with a single
thankyou👍🏻
heighest run
only passinger
havnt got a call till noe
ola share
no that's
any time
gloria
wich theater
Current status of  19031 train
courier service
i had show at 9:30
the match between ind and wi what is the venue
who is batting nw
I want ticket from Ahmedabad to Bangalore flight ticket
reminder to call
Can you tell me the availability of bus tickets to Aruppukottai from chennai on 27th October?
inside my college campus i.e sbi
Thnx but no need this kind of remainder yet
Reminder to fill exam form
same ghazi
so cutter dear
new hollywood movie
kn jeet rha _date_
Chennai to tirupati to night duration
delhi  kolkata
i would like to know predictions of the match
how won the toss
can you check flight tickets from kolkata to bagdogra
Ok thanx but i dont want to go on a trip now
rs 346 is there any plan available
Pl tell good places to visit in Vadodara
i don't want wake up early morning
dadar mai konsi hotel hai uss ki jankari
Akira movie ticket price in silver city
what is your name?
pnr 8156779423
Vegetarian delight
thnaks
nearby eating places?
where can i get bamboo briyani ?
i need to set it for every day
need near halli thende
at vijayawada today 3r 4
i think no is 12511
any offers ?
vodo post paid
you idiot
send me ticket
kohlis score
hi this would be for a take away
how far is  m g road blore
call me at 5am today
ipl team hirdabad player list
Can u please check the rate for cab to travel from bannerughatta bangalore to vijayanagar,bangalore
today 3.10 pm
neelkanth park
ipl dd vs pune
is prime park is bbq?
hi khushboo
Cabs yellow board registered how much cost
i want to know the seat availability in yerkaud express train from chennai central to erode junction . sleeper class on  6th march.
what they will do
please provide me rate card of spa treatments
i just want to know the ticket price that's it
where s the live scores
put the lab coat in bag
no. can you book tatkal tickets for the same train?
"current status of 14017	sadbhauna exp"
u dint call me
where can i get online tickets
i will visit the place... i am also interested in classical dance will check with them
where will i get my cashback of 650 if i book aforementioned flights?
Daily wakeup alarms scheduled change on 7o clock am
discount is on ticket or snacks only??
whats is the current score
i also have some luggage
any coupon for ola or uber
Thank you ! But I don't watch movies. However, somebody has asked me get the tickets for a movie named Raaz Reboot.
Can we book cab through haptik
how will this happen?
Cancel all my alarm and reminders
please let me know which match is there tom
Near d mart mall
Hi. I need to call mom at 9 pm. Please remind me.
hello you there
u just pranked me
can you please send me the notes
ipl match tickets are available on iplt _numeral_ com
will you please find me the nearest nikon dslr showroom
any offer or cash back available  ??
I'm at sector 5 RK puram bus stop. I need to get to Green Park Metro station Bus stop. Which number buses can get me there?
please don't waste my time
i'm debited for failed transction
bob
Can you find me the platform number of a train?
please remind me tomorrow by 9 in the morning to pick ipo form from dharam35
please show me trains from sur to pune for sleeper (sl) on 05-03-2017.
Where I get bus
can i book that flight
can you tell me the past of kapil dev
I need some details about flight
remind me on 10th march at 10:30 am for remaining fuel bill entry
latest point table puneet
no time preference
no need to search for it
this app is so nice liked it
hi, i want to order from restaurant{task}
tamil movie
aapko number dena mein kya problem mujko jara bathavo aap abhi chating mein number dena muskil huvatho bad mein mujko call karo tab aapka number mujko miljayaga
whts the scorem
tku
wats the score for mumbai
i don't want notification for drinking water
"flight ai 609 mumbai bangalore 	pnr: ye9ey	name: sanjeev pradhan 	date: 5th march 2017"
"my destination is- 		it park road, it park rd, phase - i, manimajra, sukteri, chandigarh 160101, india {note}"
hrtc volvo from delhi to nainital
a-16,priyadarshini vihar,opp. sai mandir, laksmi nagar, delhi-11009
ojwy
Tell me the timmings of kaushambi movies
please remind me every thursday morning at 11am over taking medicine vitamin d
any promo code on uber rides
set a reminder i set a reminder after 45 minutes just call me
i don't really
hyderbad to delhi flights
।टिकट बुक होगा
woow
at 3pm
i have told u where i want to book
i will get back to u in half an hour
we one to order biryani
Tell me plan's of vodafone flex
testing
i don't want to see
Tasty
Can I get a delivery from subway to my current location?
hi sister
yes he did come and fixed it
Nearest mAssage service
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 08:30 am { reminder_list: 527133, user_id: 1928286, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
neendakara,kollam
running today
please repeat my previous lunch order
can you give me number of nearby domino and pizza hut
Railu bhanush moive  in which theater in kurnool
cool sure gud nite friend
abhi to world cup khatam hai
My guitar string got broken
find me nearby book stores
hey i want to set medicine reminder
no tq
you there?
Please set the alarm for tomorrow 8.45 AM for calling Sandeep for Payment collection.
just keep updating me the scores
thanks for yo7r excellent service regards
find nearest pizza shop
my destination is gangasagar(south 24pgs )
hai ge
will you show me live match
please suggest a good clinic nearby to do a sonography
Suggest me good international honeymoon package in the range of 2lakh for a couple
is there12591 gop express  train on 5march at 3pm
pnr
i dont want any roaming plam
pls stop remainder
m getting bore
price are high
SpiceJet
Where is nearby Reliance store
tell me who has the chances of winning _date_ s match
is their any golds gym
where i can check my to do list
😎😘😘😘😘😘😘💏💚💚
have any cash back offer ?
why it shows 6 15
is there any offer in uber or ola at kolkata ?
hi nalini.
i need to repeat every week
i wna cntct dem urgntly
please wait i will come back
current ipl match score
can you tell me wen will be d next match of kkr
inox theatre is not yet opened right
not know i will remind you later
Remind me to msg partha regarding bank details
which type of date
on 9 th march morning 7.15 i have to go athwa gate for kidney awerness rally
send me fixtures at wankhade
what was the result is _date_ s match
no current update
had water thanks for your reminder
how much does ipl match cost to watch
Can you find trains between meerut city to mathura junction
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 717511, user_id: 1984494, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Remind me to go to college this Saturday and pay
no thank you
plz cancel my wake up calls
Hey, can you find me the nearest Photoshop?
I have jet airways miles
☺☺☺☺
room deep cleaning
near kudasan
Show me schedule of train number 22643
ik kudi jeeda naa mohabbat kis movie ka song he
for today
reply to above message as lvu2 otherwise i won't believe that ur human
evwryday
one reminder call set
wohi to pucha
20min
I want sbi atm
k
u also
can you imagine i still can't use ola.  still not cleared
next mathes
bhopal
Hie i need a restaurant which is completely indian and very tasty also
I need a plumber
can u please update me with rating of banasthali public school
i want to cancel train ticket of 7th march
nothing else, thank you
how much time can i redeem?
bank atm
any cash back coupon
specially the electricity bill
where s the match played
ok sharing ola
is there any discount vouchee
Can you please find me a flight on 3rd Nov'16 from Delhi to Pune?
Dont wake me now.
now i decided to go saturday or sunday
i dont want its okay
yes pl
eden
Hi sir can u find me single ac room at chidambaram near bus depo for today only
which batsmens are bating now
driver asked me to cancel
gd mrng
I have purchase a new LED TV of Micromax and I want to avail the extended warranty of 2 years offered by them so could you please contact the customer care and do the needful for availing the extended warranty. its already having a Warranty of one year . the TV was delivered on Saturday
avi kitnah over ka khela hoga
will rcb make it to the playoffs
remind me when india has a matcg
i want cab for gurgaon sector 74 sky view cooperate park
reservation is a must for a big group
who is the man mof the match of todays match
okay goodnight anyways
_date_ matches name please
resorts near my location
i wanted the number of pravasi motor driving school.
snacks??
is there match taday
any dominos nearby me?
thanks for the reminder
express
for any other match happening in delhi
are there matches left
flight from  hyd to tirupathi
cleartrip shows 2646 for 12.05 spice jet flight
Help me with the nearest optical store
give updates about qualifier
i'm sorry can you call me again by 9.45 am and remind me about groceries
_date_ match scored
Nearest hotel
no i want some  restaurants
please cancel all my reminders for now
is there any discount or coupon....???
already shared ur app with my friends
8655088056
i want to know nearest temple
how much tickets for singapore
below 1500 any flight availability
how to do mobile recharge
2281260859991 this is the ticket no.
what's the review
mi or rcb
Mohan theater doddmane huduga
manu maharani package
except uber and ola
i born in new zealand so i think n zealand won
Domino's online order coupon and discounts for today?
Can you tell me the train timing
copoul
how will it applied against my vodafone postpaid bill?
hi this save100 code doesn't work on bokmyshow
can you update score after every over
can u please remind me to call someone
thank you sir!
please read the message again shruti
what time can we contact
Need a car In bhopal to travel
wher r u placed
move home
ok thanks. but ask hr in your company, that one of our user is saying this type of question. and i was unable to answer.
i want estimated fare
but my payment is not done
ma'am output ko hindi me kya bolte hai
quick
well match started at
afternoon mate. help me out please
every minute please
Morning 7 o clock am
i want the full scorecard
How to activate dnd on postpaid vodafone no.?
Pls look into hotel diplomat and swarn
matlab samaj nhi aaya
what is virat kohli s recent score
Find htc service centre near me
delete my reminder sorry
i want to go to chennai by today nyt
please check soon
show me ola cabs
run chat of _date_ match
please tell me _date_ s match report and point table
chicken shop
How can i book tatkal in heptik??
gujrat lions scoreboard
Airline: Spicejet Airlines
ok need flight phuket to bangkok
The taj hotel k under kitne hotel hai??different
Can you tell me buses that go from baguiati to shyambazar metro kolkata
train me kya best rate rahega
can u help me find delhi to toronto flights in march, cheapest plz
can u pls suggest me a good nd genuine outlets
i need to learn to play guitar
kuthe ahes
massage
ok see for hdfc credit card
iron
wat is the deal for the day?
please show me return flights from kolkata to jaipur
my destination would be bareja national highway number 8
vetal nagar, sai colony, ambegaon bk
who is topping the table
is there any flight today from guwahati to bangalore
i was thinking that this is ai i was testing it i found one bug even if my location is on, your system is asking me to turn on my location
yemman
hi ishita..
thanks gloria
todays match afghanistan westindies
🙌
aaje rate 10:00pm na miting 6
I don't watch Bollywood movies
it's expensive
what will be cost of reimaging the os?
Can you get me a package for Maldives
match kahan pe hai
indian score
welcome
Nearby idea showroom
other site mai to dikhati. hai
Send me full details from Mumbai to Goa by train .
thank you soo much
i want to see the trailer of logan
i need trains
Trains from WJR to MAS
rafti ganga express is there any reservation ?
all movies
rain ho rha hai kya
i will tell you when i nedd..thnxx a lot.
near by couple restaurent
today latest position
san q in four season for 4ppl at 8.30
pune station route
give me live scores please
why not added
thx u
how much fare secunderabad to sr nagar
Flight shedules frm chd to chennai  to & fro on 25 th sept
who was man of the maych
hiiiii
chandigarh
good restaurants near marina beach
hy wake me up at 5;25 am today
this was mine 1st ride
who is aakrit vaish
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 08:00 am { reminder_list: 712130, user_id: 1981435, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
no n 13of april ka
can you help me for a complete holiday packages
Can you book tatkal tickets for me?
Please cancel my alarm at 410 am
హాయ్
sir my money are not credited on my accou t
I want to travel to kerela from delhi
nagarbhavi
thank u soo much
Jalandhar to ludhiana train time
hi, i'm interested in watching the founder. {movie_name:the founder}{task}
good. night
gulam e mustafa halat se ghbra nhi skta.. muhammad k gulamo pr budhapa aa nhi skta..🎶🎵
get50 expired?
hotel booking
thank u so much, shall i share dat tariff
Find ac on rent service
set a wake up call on 9930699957 today at 8:42 am
restaurant
where are you from?
no harshad, thank you..
my nearest santosh dhaba please tell me any discount is there or not
find me a pnb atm
this month again can we make a ticket
Delivrry guy
any other restaurant??
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 06:01 am { reminder_list: 687288, user_id: 1838484, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Let me no regarding reliance 248 rupees Gprs plan wit unlimited 30 GB at Wat speed the provide me all details about it for Tamil nadu reliance GSM
i want to mumbai area show time
i want sum biryani
01 day trip. .
Can u help with hourly base rooms for unmarried couple in location from andheri to borivali
wake me at 12:04
from today itself
four times
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 12604{product_id:12604_sc_mas,api_name:trains_api}"
can you show me today's to do list
you entered that the total price of your journey would be. rs.o.
for next 3 days
i am not getting from where i can cancel the reserved tables in restaurants for tomorrow
fi
call me at 6pm today
i want to travel by train from delhi to aurangabad
can i get final ticket for wt _numeral_
Please set my reminder
will do it later not required now
mumbai indians lost the match
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 727634, user_id: 1986907, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
you tell me govind dev ji jaipur timings
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 710340, user_id: 1060609, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
as it'd be for 00:00 time
That means we have to travel to Udaipur also
have a good night
Hello could you pls tell me the train fare travelling from khanna to nanded ?
a date with you
fly1000 it says coupon has already been redeemed
not in list
100 pushups daily at 7 pm
fine please let me know if tickets are available
jst change the time
could you please help me plan my best journey
why r u not replying then
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 277306, user_id: 1792882, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
any date in month of mar 17
How is dove ghy restaurant??
Can u provide me info on 165 data recharge plan
Is that my ticket?
thank u very much mr.akshay.
gud aftrnoon
pls put contact no as 9811062004
do u find nearby laptop or computer services shops
Garib rath express
rly paas renewal
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 09:01 am { reminder_list: 702051, user_id: 1981374, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Tatkal Ki tkt cancel hogi
ek baat puchni thi
hey full score card
no,thanks if i have need for your assistance i will surely tell u
what is the rate of single person
update me with match stats _date_ through msg
it was solved
What's IMDb rating of pink
Bus book karna hai
Hey, movie timings for Pink please?
departure station: nagpur
i am using it first time so plse provide me copoun
yes thanks
i don't get any notification in every half hour
_date_ batting scorecard team banglore
Is tat order confirmed ?
give me all updates of rps games
yes monica i will let you know once decided
nhi chahye
i need timing of trains from bangalore to nandyal
kohil again century
can u find the another upcoming movie of marvela
i said close this reminder
all wake up call reminder
wen will be todays semi final will start
1 hour
aap business ke liye koi jaankari ya help kar sakte he?
todaybmatchbupdate please
Tell me what is the show timing
spicejet flight
i think u reserved for canaught place
Hey is there any flight from Chandigarh to Jabalpur on 22nd of September ?
for dth any offers ?
Also I receive a call from Haptik at 5 am in the morning everyday, please turn that off.
coupon code
Malayalam movie oozham rating
gm am looking out for courier service
can
remind me to pay bills at 4:30 pm on 2 march 2017
can u plz tell me the timings of snow world near gt....n also d charges per head
can you give me _date_ match information
what are the recently released tamil movies
I'm getting a reminder wake up Call from Haptik
the mail id u hv written is wrong
live score board
find me a discount coupon for ola
where dosa available
hi.... i need to know the bora bora pub details and
can u give me details for gov. scheme for production of plastic boxes...
jewellery shop
aircel store
please send update score
hiii deepesh
"task: bike due 2383	date: march 7, 2017"
help me with nearest departmental store
i want for 4days
pizza from pizza hut
i want to saw movie
Best Mall
dont know
what is the game progress
okyy
movie options
i want cab to pick up me from pune and drop at latur
can  you tell me any passport agent for renewal of passport
ticket from delhi to dehradun
i would like to cancel my reminder for everyday at 06:10 am { reminder_list: 619663, user_id: 1957999, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
how much did virat kohli score
Hi,can you help me locate nearest post office
and evening 8:00
aadhaar card dawanlod karane wala apps batao
jabalpur
I want to order for pizza
sec class
i want 1 help
logan....
what is orange cap for
gv me score tabel
get me tickets
thank you so much mam
or caffe coffee day
any offers going on currently?
Find me a hotel
i drank enough of water
Every 1hour
Sorry, can you please  tell me the nearest Samsung mobile authorised service center? ?
dont call me abdul pls call me razzaq
i would like to know about fare
akash score
toshiba service centre in mysore
bhandup railway station , mumbai
i want to be sure now bro
show me remaining fixtures
can u pl let me know nearby mac donalds or kfc
what is the cost of pest control to be done for a residential flat of 2bhk
thanks neha
it's come to davanagere also..?
sunday evening
for now nothing.
15 mins later
this table is old
i need to book a bus ticket (non ac semi sleeper from coimbatore to rasipuram on 4 march after 6 pm).
mumbai indians won
please score
nd batsmen
tel me near by metro station
lowest
hello wasim
check pnr
they are way too expensive
how to book train ticket...
It's in waiting list
metro 🚝🚄
can i change the time of ma reminder
please wake me up today at 6am
can u plz tell me the full talk time and cash back recharge offer
tsspcdl
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 08:15 pm { reminder_list: 697229, user_id: 1627316, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Date 17th
ACTIVATE dnd on my number
Karnataka express from new Delhi to bangalore timmings
now i cancel my trip to coimbatore
thnx deepti
are you artificial intelligence
malvika, not received cash back of previous ride. pls credit the money
The fare is bit more than Irctc I guess
thanks ankit
every _numeral_ minutes would have been better
hav u got
Search for Kolkata to Indore
Mumbai to delhi flight for 2 people
hello saumya
any promocode?
not playing here
yoga class
any coupon code available for mobile recharge?
great thank you 😊
can you give information on public transport ?
Pls remind me to listen Akashavani programme at 7.05AM tomorrow and sunday
😉
do ss homework at 2:00 pm
Near Atm in sangmohal
how wins
but who are you
Can you order food from phone booth cafe in Hudson line Delhi
can you find a general physician nearby??
can you find me nearby cafes that are open till at least till 1
jii
"		i want to know availability and fare in ac 3 tier (3a) in train number 14660{product_id:14660_jp_dli,api_name:trains_api}"
any offer for me
uber please
jalgaon to bhusawal
no i didn't want direct flight
i actually need your help......
i haven't booked the ticket
will u please tell me whether vision ias coaching gives weekend classes or not?
can u check
reminder daily
can you arrange a booking at spa
do you have some options for sharing taxi from mumbai airport to pune
opps
want to eat pizza
send me
what are chances of mi
no news till now matcj started or not
27th april
can u recharge jio number ?
Need of SBI
yahoo srh _date_ whoaa
when is the final between rcb and sunrises
can you change the destination
i don't need
heya
there is a problem and i want ur quick help
any ipl match in pune
set alarm for tomorrow at 7.45 am
i don't no the train no
why bill payment is failure always
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 09:00 am { reminder_list: 701179, user_id: 1974572, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
nahi bhai
it's been postponed to tuesday
Can u book a cab for me now from my home to Secunderabad Railway station
Nearest movie theatre
sorry nalini
Hi can i get the address of hotel rahi coral beach resort calungate goa.eith contact no of hotel
is it too late now to say sorry
i don't get it. booking for what?
i need bisleri water (in 20l can or 5l cans) home delivered. can you help me with this?
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for everyday at 05:30 am { reminder_list: 632950, user_id: 1961556, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Please web check in
can i get a cake delivered in home on 8th march
hpt
punit
make it asap
is it possible to provide nearby hdfc bank from dentsu webchutney
don't send m reminder of water
send me the score table
when i asked a cab u people failed
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for wed, 08 march at 10:00 am { reminder_list: 685075, user_id: 1535101, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
show me only available train from lucknow to new delhi on 06.03.2017
which is the first airways
have a nice day you too!
11th may mumbai to bangalore
find me a ent doctor for me in vellore
Could you get me a package for the machan lonavla
tv installation
I want to know the train running status of train no. 22858
payment done to vodaphone?
Can u provide me some good hotel in manali
you have my ticket please check and let me know
delhi to shilma
i m the owner of this hotel
_date_ match update
are those window seats too?
give me d updates of _date_ s match
top scorers of ipl _numeral_
Don't give reminders now
yes you can
Please fine bike clraning service near me
Dominos kfc or mcdonalds
do i have to log in uber a/c?
And Bangkok to Chennai?
any offer for rajdhani
pune players name
keep me updating with the live scores
let me discuss and get back to confirm about this.
call to soni at 2 pm
hi harshad
and secunderabad
Bsnl rechrge coupons
waiting for the information
let me know all my reminders
can u tell me how to make six pack abbs
set it for 9:30
not needed. sorry
yes. thanks
and send me your mail id i need to register a complaint against my cashback
4/28/2017
bogo
when will the match start _date_
12/30/1899
no msg
any cashback options
please confirm the platform
thank you and same to you good night
sure will thank you
virat kohli last match
deepti
Find me a hotel in mumbai
Y didn't u call me to wake me up
can you tell me wat all matches has srh won n lost
books binding shops near me
thanks again , i really appreciate ur help ... 3 cheers 4 haptic
tata sky
i will tell you...later...about this
okay update me with the live scores okay
i want complete score card
Order 3wada pav & 1shira
how to apply pan card
i want to book ola cab at 11am today
Family trip in December in india.
water purifiers installation personal
for d refund
for cabs
no its k
Ice cream shops near Chromepet
what details do u want
i want to go jaipur on 3 march by bus from gurugram to jaipur in night plz advice me the oprion
mona darling
please book a train tikect on 11 march tpty to vkb
axis debit
hey my friend lost his mobile yesterday
I need axis bank atm
I need to know whether bangalore express train reached bangalore
"any spicals  train is ruing from 1 april 	to banras"
thanks a lot
bhai score batana
Can you find cheap tour package from chandigarh to shimla
I need you to stop the reminder. Thanks
yes i am too much busy
need to call suresh southcards
send location
only score update
my hp printer doesn't copy or scan
not ola
united bank of india nearest branch at haripal
book pune to bangalore flight
after 5 pm
9135880329 i want details this number
yeah thankq
match still in progress or who has won it
what is the highest score obtained for this t _numeral_
nizampet village
i received my order
can you send me update every over
I want axis Bank cash deposit machine
zess sir
ok later
can you know best hotel in goa
can you please tell me when is the next match in hyderabad and with whom
no i need to know the tour package to yelagiri from chennai
can u tell me the prise ranges
pakistan won my god -
who made you
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 11:28 am { reminder_list: 275581, user_id: 1650409, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
witch stediam
but not without the otp
remind me to clear ias ias every hour
wants to cancel my remainder
notta problem ma'am🙂....
want to see fare for pune goa ac ticket
remind me to do ishan bhai s work
we talked yesterday
I want taxi for emergency
can u tell me what time does the train from chennai beach goes to tirupati tomorrow
Best food in hyderabad
I wanna order a cake
will go later
lyk cqn i use itagain forbooking cabs
can you find advocate in patel nagar
Howrah to ranchi train
how many times flight offer is valid
and scores of batting side too
how does this app system work..
can you share the scorecard for okay from _date_ s match
what i do?
wht oa d score
no cancel it
petropumo
can you book bus ticket
get me the matches played in bangalore with dates
can you give me jio mobil plan
Can I get train schedule
other date??
Inform me when the show timings are updated for M.S. Dhoni at Maxus Cinemas Borivali West
so _date_ s match was nail biter ah
I need home delivery biriyani from must biriyani
what is _date_ s match schedule
wand food delivery
rcb and mi full score bord
Need a spicy biriyani place
W r ten want to go to pine woods resort.. As monika told me d tarrif
chk....
Seat abality
actually i need this reminder every month on 1
Ltt shalimar express... availability of seats fr. Nagpur
I want to total cost of booking a cab from anand vihar rly station to new Delhi / red fort
oh thanks buddy
Bro confirm seat
hey can u change my water reminder call schedule
remind me about final
Saraswat bank Atm to inform
need a place like club something where hard drinks are allowed
store
is it confirmed?
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 09:00 am { reminder_list: 689691, user_id: 1955690, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
sorry i done need it
tomorrows game
discount on movies
ritu
I need information about private bus from Shimoga to Bangalore on 5th night
pls stop the reminder
Any paediatricians nearby?
That I will show the TT in the train
check karke bataye jawaharlal nehru medical college aligarh me dr amir internet par hain kya
need micro
Den champa to korba before 9
no i don't know
tell me a joke
give me live updates time to time
what about livin
at 2 pm today
Reliance store
text the score
looks like gayle rocked it
available nhi hai
em doing
ok, is there any charges from your end?
remind me for every two hours starting from 8:00am to 8:00pm
you are sweet as always
patli is gurgaon haryana to aligarh in u.p ok
please score ipl
there?
in above train at which station we will get delicious dinner
Hi.. I have to travel from Ludhiana to Delhi ,4.40pm by shatabdi. Kindly advise, if it is running late
who is going to win tofay
name rahul
abhi toss hua kya
reliance electricity
rps out
16d
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 684348, user_id: 1802390, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
will kohli win _date_
Any deal in dominos
are you remind me on every year for birthday,??
hii mr. jay shubh prabhat .. kaise ho aap
stop it
Wich is da best resturant fr dinner
,, can you let me know taxi charges from mumbai to pune and back
What about air tickets
is there, idea store near murugeshpalya
give me rcbs score card
it's 3 pm
for 8 am ...
any deals in domino's..??
call me every monday, tuesday, friday, saturday and sunday
Could you please keep me updated on lowest flight fare from mumbai to varanasi between 10 jan to 14 jan
this is so useful and helpful app..
just by sending message
Night food delivery services?
sorry hardik..
heyy what s the status of ipl
Find me train from jodhpur to hanumangarh. On 24 September
hoo noo
how much toll tax between vapi to kim
get me ipl tickets at eden garden
remind me to get my medicines
"		i would like to cancel my to-do: dry fruits sheero for everyday at 11:25 am { reminder_list: 355884, user_id: 1869426, task_name: to_do, offset: 5, api_name: exotel }"
what is the score exactly now
no thanks... i'm new to this app. so was just checking it
Duranto
can i book tatkal rail ticket
Any axis bank atm nearby
glad to know
sorry.. ignore it
who scored the most runs in delhi daredevils
please give me the live score of the ipl match that started at _time_
i mean with the cheapest fares
courier number 4253 77 68 77 0 blue dart
singum3
"add a new to-do	task: call to ajay palode	date: march 5, 2017	time: 10 00 am"
itna hi kaffi hai
22nd november night
i dint get any receipt
Can you please send me more photos of hotels
place help or.recharge my phone.. information..
Lakshmi theatre location
bt my is been went
82621 train what is the departure timings for this
Hey hasan ....could you find some good north indian tiffin services that can deliver food near bus stand ISRO layout,Bangalore.
want to make passport
with good run rate means what
scoreboard of match
i need near by. me
Full Time Driver
plz tel me about offer
who win the match to in ipl
Hi I want to book a flight on monday
hyee what s the score
hello naresh
no i dont want
could you please forward me the link for booking sachin tendulkar a stand
with the whole score board
and it's fare
He'llo I want to stop the reminder
going to munnar on 3rd sept
i want play only
fare details
No reminder pls
list of corporate gifts provider.
how you will remind me.i mean by mesaage or by ringtone
can u help me out to connect the customer care 4 voda
hi what about match
Don't wake me up tomorrow at same time
Hey I want to book a Ola cab
can i know the weather report for _date_ s match
todays schedule of t _numeral_ maches
just change my today's reminder
sanpada,navi mumbai
nope, this is not a great deal.. i guess i will port out.. thanks anyway
Were is apple service center
it was by mistake
I need 2 rooms with swimming pool
what you think who will qualify _date_
Tea villa cafe
Nearby SBI e corner
also can you set alarm  for every day
For every day reminder
i want some information on football
nahi mujhe tatkal mein ek confirm ticket chahiye
_date_ which teams are playing
can you look at statistics n say
how many wake up call i can set?
Mens parlour near me
Punjab national Bank ATM Please
Find nearest Allahabad bank branch
send me _date_ s scores
from train
Could you help me plan a trip
any offer first recharge
thanks,i'll try later.
i read abt this in your email
i need every ball report
accommodation
home delivery
balance is deducted but
Wakeup call today at 9am
battery is drained
thanks puneet
book ride  for me
can you set an alarm for 8 in the morning tomorrow.
regular golden delight
what's new
are you shruti?
hello good morning
current score pla
another station
no. thank u
my friend coming by flight from dubai to kolkatta...
what is rupees i p l tic
what about delivery{task}
Any hot beverage available for delivery?
what do you think who will win
_date_ kiska ka match h khushboo
any time  boss
o god we lost
8756676251
fare details of ola cab plz
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 07:30 am { reminder_list: 725559, user_id: 1963840, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i used my frnds refrence code
i want one information
Wat type of movies u like
11 o clock
Hey what's on biswadeep cinema
i need morning flight
Courier Services near my location
i want to watch it online
no no no i am going bangalore to bbs
Remind me 6.15 am cal.
nd inform me when he will out
maybe for delivery
it's very costly
Chennai to Tirupati
will this cashback be credited on each of the 3 rides?
i need ipl schedule
no, it was payment was made by paytm
veg restaurant around jp nagar
ok. thanks
calling wajid licence
gunterodu
cancel d order pls
train status
tha ks a ton again
thrice a day
offer any ?
i want to recharge of ₹99 on my jio number so i became prime member
I want download movies
give the answer assistant
regular updates enough
not fine dining
how to rid of the stress...
any coupon code ??
give me updates simultaneously _numeral_ minutes
here are travel details
book with ola
Please book train ticket for me for diwali
i want to cancel the ticket which i have booked from ur help
can you send the rcb srh score card
how many errors
i m payment pay ola money
whats the scroe
Plan trip to Sri Lanka. Reaching Colombo on the 1st Feb 17 and leaving on the 8th Feb 17. Group of 6 adults. Look for only direct  flights
no tha😊
no.. thanks alot
_date_ s match in which
Whirlpool fridge customer care number pls
Pnr 4843994686  train cancil
Guys,get me a cheap, economic flight ticket
please list d matches that will be played in mumbai
i hate waiting
no,thx.....gn
itpl,  whitefield
Need midnitr flight
hehe😂
can yu tel me buses
499 plans
Child almirah shop nearby
wish you happy birthday.
nearby hotel in jhumri telaiya
padma please send me my ride details
give me the live scores
i want lover
send me link plz
window seat pls
monday tuesday wednesday thursday friday
"can you just cancel these reminders :	6:40 am	6:45 am	7:00 am"
can you guys help me to grab _numeral_ tickets for final
Availability of train tickets on 15 Nov . from Surat to chennai
is it possible to update me every _numeral_ minutes after the match starts
oops really sorry.....can you please change friday to saturday
whom you think can win this match
lpg gas ki jankari bta skte hai
ipl score update
looking for an accommodation tonight in pune near vimaan nagar,
How to go to Kas Pathar from Pune
wt r u dng??
hey deepu
any other train ticket is available
set a reminder to call
any restaurants are here?
5o% cash back offer validity?
i want tamil movies
please full score
Thodari movie review
my uber account is not working
What is the exact location of the train St the moment?
what erroe
both matches of todays
i will plan after april
list of latest wicket taker in ipl _numeral_
would ljke to visit lakshadweep
my call list
status ?
How much is the flight fare from erbil to chennai
wtf i missed that one
price error
call mi reminder
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 07:00 am { reminder_list: 702748, user_id: 1981442, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
dont send more updates ni m front of tv
what r u doing great
hey can you share the match schedules with me ipl matches _date_
Tandoori paneer
give me each and every update
where is the hotel booking option?
Check for flights on 12th October 2016 from Nagpur to Pune
I want a reliance jio sim
cersai verification tomorrow at 11:00 am
please cancel
will disturb u again later :p
i m not asking this i want most runs in ipl _numeral_
why r u bothering me
Mall near global hospotals
any minimum bill?
bogo
Hyderabad to vijayapura(karnataka)
is there any offer today in dominos
told
please give only notification don't call
bus tickets?
I need a reminder at  1515hrs tomorrow for not to forget carrying stuff to Shillong
on post paid bill payment
what s the score wicket and overs
what is the purpose of this app
it seems ticket is not confirm !!
Rooms for non married couples
Rail ticket
score give me
i want to stop my reminder
thanks shilpa
i need my upcoming meeting
non stop
what was the position of australia _time_ overs
cash deposit machine near pimpari
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 05:30 am { reminder_list: 687172, user_id: 1923570, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
is there a flight from chandigarh to kolkata
This train available sit
N return ?
rcb yes punjab
share ola
sorry ,sir i am not interested?
Do you guys make calls to wake people up?
how much time it will take to reach home?
which is your team _date_
home delivery of veg manchurian
cool ')
i d like to know the squads of the ipl teams
hii i need pirates of grill deal
ok.plz make sure that i get the cab
i need some help
put a alarm on today 9.30 am
Please cancel all reminders for my number
wakeup call
hieeee dear
i have to ask someone , it's not a take medicine reminder
mm yeah
imphal
experts and not unprofessionals
send me the score card of last match please
what time is match
above mentioned
daredevils overs i mean
can you give me the location of cherry tree
check a place near by hopes college
near restaurants
i want to know that is there any hotel near amla
Travel date is between 11th to 15th October for 9 members to vashnodevi yatra. please write the discount on reservation
remind me 2 mug for rc
hey padma
my net is not working very well
Show train from Madurai to Erode
this the old one
Nearby attraction
bye... have a great day 😄
Train is on time
yes.. where is ur office..
Can u assist me which num bus is arrive from  bommasandra to whitfield
ok....i need to change the details of number of people flying
But will be able to reschedule on 20th since it is not 48 hours prior to departure
please give me live score
at 5am
i want from mettupalayam to ooty
ab aajao baat pe, bhot moot lia 😂
Volvo from Jaipur to Udaipur
can u pls help me with flight to hyd from blr
Hi book my train from miraj to nagpur... 5 seat
Pls put a reminder for Indusind Bank credit card payment
s ok thanks
i can see the schedule in vizag
sorry it's on today at 12 noon!!
royal is won
99 ka jio prime ka recharge hoga kya
can we pay broadband bill through haptic??
Bank of India bank
send me for next month
recharge this number
where it is
need
and then i recharged again...then it was successful
current gold rate in mumbai
i cannot open it
I need a malayalam movie
todays match results
please change it with 6th of every month at 6pm for emi punto
tats all
kal vhi mil jaeoo
thanks again lot
surat.delhi.air..tiket price..
i wanted to know the schedule of upcoming ipl matches
kullu to sainj
i have to add one more reminder
history of both team meets
bihar
I want confirm ticket for tommorow
kool
hi suraj i want ur help in finding a 2 bhk flat
sir pl. tell me my code for discount for next bill
chal theek hai , dhannewaad
chart is prepared
Hi Samita
if i go personally than can i utilize it r not there
Hungry
how do i get from borivali railway station to terminal 1b
I want to cancel my reminder
shoe shop
hairbliss
is there any chance of rcb ro go to the playoffs
yes i would love to get updates from you
i am getting better offer from outside , that's why i am asking what is final offer
wake me up at 9.30am, 9.40am, 9.45am, 9.50am, 9.55am today
please check pnr status
yes, please!
hi i would like to book for a restuarant ( themed if possible) for children, 10 year olds
mujhe punjabi muvi ka pta krna h
"hi 		i'm looking for a vodafone gallery that is open today"
set it for 12pm 3pm 6pm and 11pm
elan at the lodhi hotel in delhi
At what time will I reach Chandigarh
Book this train tickets
i want to set  reminder
what are buffet rates for barbeque nation
your coopetation is highly appreciated.
Hi I'll book my tickets today at 2 PM.  Plz give me a reminder.
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 07:00 am { reminder_list: 725949, user_id: 1945370, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
last stoppage of telangana expresz
alarm nahi hain
last night banglore score
please help me to book ticket of mumbai indians vs kolkata on _numeral_ april
Can u tell me pizza outlets in Viviana mall
if dint mine i want near by hebbal
means?
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 08:00 am { reminder_list: 714244, user_id: 1970040, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
yaa you are right
reviews
birthday reminder
search restaurant for me near kashid beach
✌
thank you 👍🏻😊
Jabalpur to palwal train time table
please tell me the details of semi finals
have you had lunch
what team is dhoni in
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for mon, 06 march at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 722183-722184-722185-722186-722187-722188, user_id: 1985625, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
I want theatre name where the pink movie is going on
petrol
jai to patna
b block rajat vihar sector 62 flat no 74 d noida near sector 55-56
12/30/1899
hey! is there any special coupons for me?
which team is batting first in todays match
commando 2...?
of what price tickets are available
yes this rating was for u padma
Any bollywood movie in chennai
sorry , not booking as of now
ccu to mumbai on 8march
can you please give me ticket print out odf
we dint recieve yet
reminder change pls
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 229313, user_id: 1826926, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
please show me trains from rn to dr for sleeper (sl) on 13-03-2017.
fare it little higher
check-in
is thr ny train from Bangalore to Davangere
I need a tech guy to come fix my wifi
Hookah
what will be cost from trichy airport to railway station
Cal
how do i have to make payment for this...from ur app..?
refund is initiated on 22st of feb
How to download movies
please update
thank u...i will pay by myself
Buses
Hey I want to order from sahara hotel
Good morning , can you please help me change the dates of my flight booking?
just let me know when it starts
who gave the trophy of mom
Sports shop??
some interesting stats about _date_ s match
ummm no
why not
scoreboard also please
how can i print eticket of train tickets booked on haptik ?
yes update me the regular scores please
i need some help on house elevations for my new house
tnqqq
restaurant
any offers running?
wt time match
Which is the nearest reliance store in jadavpur university area?
nayarambalam
remind me at 9:10 tomorrow to transfer money
Hlw bro plz tel me a train from agra cantt to lucknow
near by cab booking
shilpa
book ola
can you help me to book plane ticket
please send location
eta mall
distance from ahmedabad railway station to jodhpur
can i have mcdonald's offers too ?
"my pickup is- 		global village tech park, rv vidyaniketan, mailasandra, bengaluru, karnataka 560059, india {note}"
sure sachin...
leela ambiance shahdara delhi india
service road,ratanpura gam ,pranami nagar, mahadev nagar tekra
min. spend amount for 50% cashback
i want to cancel all the reminderz
train for ooty
But did not get any since yesterday as I had set reminders
real wali toh pta nhi bt jinse meri baat hui thi vo aap nhi ho bcoz she is typing 'je' in place of 'ji'
I don't need an everyday reminder
need to order food in aurangabad.
no how many i am
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 721174, user_id: 1985347, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want all the teams schedule
ine biy 10 years
How early can we book train tickets
I need to know the nearest sparkx footwear store
allahabad to fatehpur today
order id 248861159763573 has been refunded please let me know why it's not successful
it's been 3 days , i deactivated my account in urbanclap
vanisha
i mean monday to friday.
cake shop
is next mi match in mumbai
no....i am not getting call or msg in afternoon for medicine
Train from yeshwanthpur to Hubli
is there any cashbacks or offer for train booking
plz delete my reminder for wake up at 6-30 am and 7-00 am
hi pl help with my web chekhov in
22802
we want to go to madras from bombay from 17 th march to 20th mar 2017
i want to book cab
teams of mumbai and kkr
what abt score
can you set me a reminder
indigo airlines
Name : Chaitanya Bulusu IndiGo PNR is EG1YTH- 6E 192 27Sep GOIBOM 1725/1845.
please only remind me matches which india play
Motor training school nearby gorai 3
i told u earleraly to remind me to go to airport
Any offers on dominos pizza today?
ok ok generate payment link
kartik calling kartik
but i have to pay in check
hey suraj
howz the movie
It's tatkaal  tickets you just - 120
tuticorin
how much runs by virat kholi
Free mobile recharge
how won the match
10.10 pm
where is the location
hospital
rasemi
why din you calll me i gave an remindsr yesturday
pleased
driver canceled i didn't
Wat is the arrival time of above train in kanpur ?
can i get the bus timings to chikmangalur after 10 pm
i want to recharge my tata sky account
"4 march	6 am"
Hai puneet I want to know the train time from tanur to ernakulam
have had ur breakfast
Are there any discount codes for domestic flights
famous biriyani centre ok chennai
any discount coupons for faasos?
i want to know any cinema hall in shivaji nagar pune
no with scores and everything
coffee
this is receipt which i got
airtel recharge par offer
hi what is the score now
other than cinepolis
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 705651, user_id: 1982010, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Flower bouquets home delivery
is there any economy tickets available
which player
kindly confirm 2 ac fair
holywood movie dubbed in hindi
to
watson
what will be the fare from mumbai to udaipur?
Any Cashback code for mobile recharge
welcome its all yours
ohh is osman khawja playing _date_
drinking water
logan 3d
i need trophogest urgently
wake up call at 07:00 on 15 Sep
banglor team
kindly stop fr todayyy
Kfc
y madam
but they were high
but i think rcb
Hey, can you find me the nearest best restaurants?
i need evening flight
thank you very much tanushree for helping me with doctor it was a successful checkup and now i am felling very satisfied
near by bakery meri location check krke batao
by mistake i canceled can u re schedule
is it screened anywhere
Inkokkadu Telugu movie
12626
you have n t told me when match started
my airtel no is not recharged
i need to book train tickets
i will definitely write a feedback regarding this....
will try this in sometime
"		hi, i want to book share - 1 seat {product_id:share, api_name:ola, product_name:share - 1 seat, seat_count:1}"
remind me to go to the barber at 6.20 today.
I want to book a bus from bangalore to coimbatore
travel khana .com ka no. plz?
wanna add more
studio apartment in goa rent
why i can't download this movie cammondo ,2
Bus fare from chennai to Pondicherry.
Any recharge deals with Vodafone postpaid bill payment?
who gon na to win _date_ match ind or pak
tell me plz
appx 10.30 am
camando 2
Samsung's service center
visakapatinam
Set it for today not tomorrow
Can u please tell me which  movies are releasing on coming Friday?
need a cab from ecr to chetpet
no not needed
I want an ac bus
any more
what is the stand of kkr
i want to buy tickets for ipl game in blore
hey , i was curious if the chhattisgarh express stop on ajni railway station ?
not now i let u know thank
please get me the lowest budget hotels, around jadavpur area
Hey there, can you help with booking flight tickets?fire to indigo air guwahati to new delhi
i need dominos  pizza
please send me schedule of gsrtc
also i want to make one more reservation for tomorrow
okay sakshi
i have done a recharge of 150
Can you please book a retiring room at Lucknow junction
hloo sir i think i dropped my phone in can and now driver is not picking up phone
please book one way pune to delhi 9 may spicejet 7:25 flight
book train ticket
"		i would like to cancel my `wish kailas panchal happy birthday!` reminder for sun, 05 march at 11:55 pm { reminder_list: 685047, user_id: 1929367, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
What if i want to cancel the flight?
arvind nagar po
pune to bellary
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 06:00 am { reminder_list: 550492, user_id: 1590585, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Which movies are in empress cinema vapi
please do
arey waah....aap hindi me bhi vartalaap karte hain?
Time table of train number 22640
double decker train?
prasad jadhav
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 08:00 pm { reminder_list: 724385, user_id: 1986227, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
How can I reach SBC railway station from metro ?
Chemistry cafe in Lucknow
How can we convert my airtel prepaid sim to postpaid
ok how about 9 am
mexican
excuse me i want some help of you
i need any mechanical shop near jayadeva hospital
ski to laukhi 04/02/2017 ko kitni train hai
what was todays score card
when is the match in hyderabad
how yu doing
flights from hyderabad to goa plz
find me near by bar
name of players of king xi punjab
:d
yes he did
k i 'll do...thx for all information...
i want to order from lucky hotel
things to do, mumbai
thank you so much for your amazing support for ipl
rcb and gujrat lions score card please
since morning you guys are saying this
"		i would like to cancel my `wish najneen happy birthday!` reminder for tue, 21 march at 12:00 am { reminder_list: 691202, user_id: 1979158, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i need one more
in this time which _train_ arrived the _train_no_
how much virat kholi scored
Amazon refund. Reminder on Wednesday
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 10 march at 05:50 am { reminder_list: 667098, user_id: 1970390, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
"akbarpur to delhi	9/3/2017	morning train"
Can u find the nearest syndicate bank
nt restaurants
show me the pic of stadium and crowd there
Hi I have paid a post paid Bill for mobile no 8130246644.Can I get the receipt please.
where is ur office??
M hungry
gd afternoon
வணக்கம்
what are your real name
hi, ok
koramangala 5th or 6th block preferably
can you send india s up coming series schedule
sorry dude
u r so sweet ty....for talking to me....😊
which batsman is batting now with score
Rates of double decker train?
which
Oh.. okay thn mostly we ll delay d trip accordingly
where are you right now? i mean from which city haptik is operated?
baggage kinte kg hai..
plzz baar muje mat pucho helf
pls cancel all the alarms
please provide me with live score of _date_ s match
Sir pl tell me nearest bank of oersij bank
i am searching for a good driving school
het aarav ncan you send me playing _numeral_ of both the teams as soon as they declare
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 670469, user_id: 1085567, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
points table aftr dis match
it was shocking to see aus loose
not a date .only day sunday or monday or any day
i would like your help
8653857973
How much is flight fair frm bangalore to Thiruvananthapuram on 8th oct
gwalior location
Plan a trip to girl forest and ran of kutchh for 3 days during Diwali.
Pizza hut near by bandra
show for commando 2 intalegaon dhabhade
i want points table of ipl
any offer on dth recharge?
from where u assist all this
sure na... wife's i'd not mandatory
as im recharging with hell lotta money i started to think why im nit getting any offer like cash bak or anythng and move on to paytm..!
are you human or robot ??
can i use wallet balance here
or is there any possible shuttle route
can you wake me up around 10 30 am
so hw  should i pay my bill
sorry i want to change the time
sure😊
cancel all
dai otha score yana
net run rate
Train from mangalore to pondichery
date can be any date
this time i recharged airtel 122 net offer that's not actived
hi dipti can you be of any help to me
i am asking how you will remind me
i dont want to go anywhere
Check seat for 12488
veg indian restaurant
next flight after 4:30
i want to book a cab
i wan na buy wt _numeral_ _date_ semifinal ticket
no u dnt need to call
"it's time, rajnikant! let's get started on your to-do list!	task - radhikatakes signture on home loan rate conversion"
may i know next match of india
do you have the match summary
is there any pet care shop near me where i can get pet accessories and food
any new movie
u dad no avalib tran
thankyou.
medical shop?
aap bataiye haptik k users kitne he
local or international airport in mumbai
Hey can you please tell me the cost of tickets (2 way) for  travelling to Delhi by train?
monica
i am looking for a house/plot in aurangabad city under the budget of 50 lacs. can you help?
addresse is new nagpada sir j j road
Fish biryani
want to book hotel
DTH recharge
you sent to me  a message for cash back offer
9th to 12th april
hmm professional
i have not got reminder for today
Can u check ticket to Mumbai on 4th sept
set another
my pan card no is awmpm4688a
is the toss done
Near by kfc restaurant
can u answer my question?
sry i don't need
Trains from secundrabad to guntal
any cash back offer is available on recharge
i want to book but no offers from ur side
stop drink reminder
will pqwl get confirmed ?
ipl toe table
please tell any packer n mover transport in bhopal
"		i would like to cancel my call cbi bnk 4 failed transactions reminder for fri, 03 march at 11:00 pm { reminder_list: 672211, user_id: 1949454, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i am looking for a hotel to stay
_date_ is wich match
need to take cash advance to rana madam tomorrow 11am
want to travel from mehsana to ahmedabad
do i need to carry any printout
good job...👍
Remind me for medicine
wow nice
m asking england vs afghanistan
Bombay Central near Ac hotel
Plz tell mi the Samsung service center in nagpur
inox malad show tymin n shows
for vaccination too
who is going win this ipl
it has been generated
can you send me _date_ s match details
not right now
and how many wickets are there in their hand
pnr status of 4641 282 078
hey who is the winner ofvyesterday
yes thank you
i want to book india vs west indies tickets
Nearby restaurant
helo malu
hi can this be applicable on 10th march early morning?
how far is and her i railway station
reminder
most welcome mohit
can you tell me the fare
Unlimited internet speed would be 4G/3G or 2G?
From Chandigarh to Dehradun?
what about mirning
to wake up
flight ticket 10th march
what does mean s3/32cnf on ticket
it was great
Cancel wake up calls
pl always remind me before mi match
let guess who s win this mach
Any Train  from jpr to meerut
hey can you share _date_ s match summary between kkr and pune
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 728399, user_id: 1987030, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
"		i would like to cancel my call gundeep lunch deduction nahi katna or pichla vapis karna ha reminder for sat, 18 march at 10:00 pm { reminder_list: 681723, user_id: 1956554, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
will book tommorow
point tally
will i have to book both flights separately?
3.15 am
getting lot of unwanted calls
i need to cancel
because i just got sms that 105 re recharge and get 108 rs talk time.
Give me some hotel details near raigad
todays match i want
Dominos near my location
gud job
take ur time :)
i'm not getting the flight details for onward journey after 5 pm
friend wants to book from his account so just asking on his behalf
Hi..needed plumber
s...
only ghaziabad not other place
can you send me the ticket mail again
mumbai delhi flight
hii nishant how r u
"want to cancel s flight ticket booked through you. pnr rmfurq 	2 passengers	cbj to bluru jet 9w 2324 5.45 pm on 10.3.2017"
quench
toss kon jeeta puneet bhai
Train schedule plz
Burger where can I get good burgers from
I want to book train tickets from vasai road to udupi on November 1 2016
fare ?
any offer how much from tnagar to abirami
I need a cab
can you give me recharge offer
how many ipl matches in hyderabad
i'm looking for logan tickets tomorrow morning
i want to travel in chennai local train from tambaram to guindy
at what time does ypr karwar express reach barkur???
is there any hotel here that can deliver food at doorstep after 10.00pm
steel utensils
winner movie please
nice played kohli n cool captn
to cp
Any tkts available
Kanha Marathi movie city pride khoturd
any options for salads/juices please
any offers or airtel postpaid recharges ?
Wats d flight ticket cost from Cochin to Dubai?? May I know d flight and its charges?
tommrow train time table gzb
vodafone kolkata
I want to know the nearest backers shop
what is the timing of todays match
remind me for birthday
goutham nadha
elchuru
22 अप्रैल 2017
ill let u know
group tiket  27march  kolkata  to bagdogara. 21 person  pls discount  tiket
mam i want to know all ipl _numeral_ award of the all players goted
any cab deals
Swethashree could u please tell me d cheapest rates for Flight on the 19th of September from Rajkot to Mumbai
offers applicable in andhra pradesh
thank u so much...pooja
can you get the forecast of _date_ s match
most catches in ipl
telugu film
_date_ kis kis ka match hai ipl ma
remind me at 8:30 to withdraw money and take mitesh s medicine
Ya pls remind me after every 1hour from morning 9 to 6 pm daily for the same..
when wicket falls
as i told you set the reminder only from mon to fri but you called me on saturdat also
can u plz assist me in checking weather there are any dj parties going on in indiranagar
full movie
what is todays ipl match position
do you have a recharge reminder
Is there any bus
no. thank you
lcd/led tv
Instrument music
yes it's the prime membership subscription
it's postpaid
remind me at 12 o clock also
i have a no idea
i need tickets fr next ipl match
Hey what is the deal in domino's today
hi vikas can you set reminder at 6pm..i.e 03-03-2017
does include cab
Hey, can you connect me with customer care of a company?{task}
just wanted to check
how to make online payment
i had cashback amount
hi vanisha....
hihi
need a cab to green bawarchi indranagar
hi send me the ipl points table
afghanistan vs west indies
for delivery
so minimum i have to add 100rs. in ola money...then i have to select the option pay by ola money?
yesterday i had words with pranay otc also share with him
who one the final
any service center for redmi mi
what matches r scheduled _date_
any team ipl
"ahmedabad jaipur 	spicejet 	jaipur ahmedabad 	goair"
remind me of attending party at 12 pm
show tamil language movies list
Hdfc bank
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 4 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 537971, user_id: 1929056, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want a reminder for tom
but in next time from u given upper seat
thanks for vipul
Is today megha block today from.From Kharghar to mahim train ???
hey nishant
where is vikas?
ok thanks sneha
can you schedule it from thursday to sunday?
is there gas available
Wake me up after 5 minutes
can train tickets be booked through wallet balance
7:3)
we need 12:15 pm show todays
kkr s _date_ s batting scores with balls
how will you remind me?
how much are the tickets
last night who won
hey there!
nearest kfc to my location
electronic component shop
mast sir g..
but the relevant question is not strictly a question and get an answer in english?
in white field
wake me up by 8.30 am
any offer prepaid mobile recharge
75 rupees off right
nice 2 cu
my budget is 3500
nimach-ratlam right
cancelled
AGS cinemas t.nagar
can you tell me about the exercises to reduce weight
he what is the current ipl score
who you think will win _date_ between punjab and gujarat your guesses
any recharge coupon
Can u tell me the train name and timing
please infirm latest status of my taxi booking..to report at my residence at 7.45am sharp
let me know players of both teams
secendraba to nizamabad
kya ap mujhe yeh bta skte h ki mai apne hubby ka bday celebrate karna chahti hoon
Hyderabad to dammam flait tickets how MUCH now
not today. will come some another day
Hy i want cheapest rental cab for local delhi travel
i want grill chicken
which zimbawe player who score _numeral_ runs
भाई चैट लीव कर दो
uttam hotel
i'm in a hurry to make an account right now
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 707598, user_id: 1979583, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Reliance jio sim I need
Can u book flights ticket
Airline: Air India
movie in our yavatmal
wake me up at 8 am today
for converting airtel bill to prepaid what are doc required
sorry ronak bimistakely cancelled
tomorrow i hav a meeting with hetvis dad at 10am..
at navi mumbai
what is the ranking of gambhir in orange cap list
i need to book tickets for may _numeral_
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 01:00 pm { reminder_list: 680862, user_id: 1967307, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
"good afternoon	i want to reschedule the mumbai to bangalore flight"
tickets for any match
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 713015, user_id: 1983893, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
please give me your photo
pzl cancel
non veg family restaurant for dinner
not received the discount
i want offer
which platform is train 12010 coming in surat
Can you cancel my order
can we get voice alert
what is the standard frequency for drinking water
Any offer on movies tickets?
ok bye gn
book 2 rooms
so kind of you
thnx for reminding everything ..
no thats it fornoe
near by restaurant available
i need dominos pizza
Flight ticket from pune to jabalpur for 1st oct 2016
where is british council? how do i take a admission?
At Mumbai flight ticket
I'm looking for spicy food
lemme know availabliity on 30th of june aswell
We plan to leave in the morning by 9am and return after lunch by 3pm on 12th
city gold motera
send me list of ipl team captains
please send me the table of higest score in ipl
which movie is releasing this friday any idea
tell me the next round
i pl match score
why....but
ok byr tc
wil let u knw
canara bank atm
be fast
give me the details of india v australia head on head in all t _numeral_ matches
i need someone who is doing it through steam treatment
can you please check with some other options?
Okk set it
are yar plz ak bar batha do
did you saw _date_ s match
udapi
call 7254007303 per karna
Is any restaurant available now near guindy
yeah he visited
change the reminder date to 11th
baya
Cud u please remind me to pay my airtel bill in evening after 8:30 today
Mumbai to jaipur flight ticket prices
why india is lose the match
Nearby Swimming classes.
goid morning umang
yes he is there now
remind me to call uncle in 7 minutes
can you share inning s summary
when is ipl final
i need kids toy factory number
i want to order food as always ....can i do so
trains from cst to goa on 9 march
Need to book movie tickets forPink
If i'll collect boarding pass from airport
how many times it can be used
want to stop  this thanks reminder every day plz.
kfc offers?
flowers
on 12th march
bhaiya kiska match h _date_
are they any deals on mcdonalds?
who won the toss and can you update me with teams as well
changed my mind
no. high rates and almost same time as car
Economy taxi from Bangalore city to airport for 4.45 am
ya . wait for 10 minutes
where can i get some salads
Is any flight between 10am to 12 pm which fare is less than 3500
n sorry apko parshn kr diya
i would like to know customer support number for tata docomo
booking is availavble or not  pranav ? i want to book two movie tickets
"		hi, i want to book ubergo {product_id:ee04608b-5aaa-4511-81df-c33c41e60719, api_name:uber, product_name:ubergo, seat_count:none}"
hey plz help me out with my flight booking
msd did not end with a six
but don't call
can u plz find me a sbi atm
ipl points table
icici atm
i dont want side upper i told u iwant lower
atm of icici near by me
baghtos ky mujra kar
sunrisers gon na win through i feel so last night battle was truly amazing
can you tell me about the holi party on 13th
are u a chatbot?
i was just testing, thanks
Which is the best place to travel in Kerala?
i want a blow job
how many teams are there
is this booked
kohli overall ran in _numeral_ ipl
I want to place an order
please stop wakeup call
please stop all my alarm
could you also send an updated points table after the kkr match _date_
stop this sarvice
whats yhe scored
i have set for birthday
can u confirm status of my ticket
chandigarh  to delhi  abi koyi train h
How to activate DND on my smartphone
science city
i support for mum
can you help me with trains from haridwar to jodhpur
nahane ja rha. 22 min baad call krdio fir lgega ki gf ne call kia h toh jldi wapas aajaunga
roaming plan
send me hyderabad team
i want to know the next week releasing movie
is that theyll ok with card swipe
ola share cab
Need to book a flight to Goa
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 721267, user_id: 1985375, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can you edit the wake up time
Other route to reach that place by bus....
happy birthday
i have already the details
wait i need to go to the domestic airport kolkata
where are tata hospital in mumbai
i wanna pay my mys bill
gaya to dhanbad any train
Muje food order krna h
train no of raptisagar
but they told its cash payment
no, that's ok
yea actually i'm looking for agro services
ओके
I need details about daily Hyderabad bus tour
thank you vikas
i need ur help
now answer my question
there is no pendency showing in my app
Want cheapest lodge for 1 night stay near Mumbai CST
sorry not for today tommorrow
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 05:25 pm { reminder_list: 709154, user_id: 1981887, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
delete all i told open crownit app
very gud morning dear
Review for banjo
everyday is not coming in list
_numeral_ team
how much did shikhar dhawan scored
where r u from
ok go ahead
wow yr you are great
Sector 7 chandigarh to railway station chndigarh bus number
Remind me after 10 mins
can you web check-in for me?
evening at 6pm
Tell me fares from. Nashik to mumbai for cab
give me rates
How to correct Spelling mistake in name of air india flight ticket
which teams went for the finals
wake me up at 11:32 pm today
thanks shreya!
cash back validity please ?
i want to book flight ticket
i want sound notifications
oolong tea
tell me train timming for siwani to hisar train
Medical shop?
My lenovo G460 laptop's display is broken...i want to replace it....what is the cost ?
Ahmadabad to vakaner
hey can u set a reminder after every 30 min.
i need to u contact
i want to go to goa from pune
sir near by axis y
dont want a call can u please send the sms??
india will play with whom
telecast live
kindly can you tell me the score at the end of every over
hey shreya can u just explain me one thing about the rates of the electrician
shall i wait for some more time
मुम्बई expres
"please proceed with below flights -		onward flight - rs.11308	goair (g8-382)	chandigarh to mumbai	departure: 11:30 am (23 may)	arrival: 01:50 pm (23 may)	 {product_id:119392984ee884f3ab63d1b779f3ad93f86419159d639a57e40b236de237fba74cca4fb6413658cfc40fe2fbc4f95ffb4a7c10ad733ebd68adc59bf528a8e0ab, api_name:goibibo_api, type:onward_flight, others:onward flight - rs.11308 goair (g8-382) chandigarh to mumbai departure 1130 am (23 may) arrival 0150 pm (23 may) }"
gujarats lions
No no train.
no.of tickets 1
any offers at the moment?
update me on the score
can you ask them that will they repair my trio phone
please help me to know power sation number
how much time it will take?
what abt 20th of this mnth
i want to know the fees for dantu nagarjuna sharma garu
ók
fathenagar pipeline road
reasonable price
or if not den wat s the target
is this offer available on simply veg ?
cancel this. i will book at that moment only
two are adult and one 11yrs
dear ms. arora, for your upcoming trip pnr n6vuhp to bom on 04-mar-2017, use spiceclub points to pre-book bag out first, spicemax seats, hot meals, excess baggage, priority check-in, spicelounge now and go cashless. log on to https://goo.gl/wavo1g. for exciting fares and promos, download the official spicejet mobile app at http://goo.gl/1ivf3m. we look forward to welcoming you on board.
share cabs ? is it possible
bachelor party ?
evry day 6 pm
logan 12 30 pm satyam chennai
Hey, I want to book train tickets.{banner}
Remind me on 12:05 for textule file
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 06:00 am { reminder_list: 506828, user_id: 1921524, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
u are good
can i cancel my train ticket now
after 1 hr
What about HWH ADI EXPRESS
i need to have some food what shuld i do
three seats together if possible
When un indian is releasing
train numbers 19608
u r name is so cute pooja
because i will walk with crutches freely.
sorry i don't have any kind of postpaid service
can you suggest me for some furniture shop near me
i'll tell u surely by tmw
my recharge was not done why
subway
Dominos
for monday wednesday friday make it 50 pushups of in 2 set
if i book ola cab via haptik
ok check for ola
no need tocancel
i want train timings from hyderabad to kalikiri on 14/3/2017
icici bank near me
will i get all cricket score status
Can you find me nearest bar
1o.adults
Still there is no reminder
dont send now
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 630929, user_id: 1961148, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
at what time the match will atart
plz send me tomorrow movie list
i told you
Can you plz chrck the availability of train frm delhi to udhampur  on 12 or Ludhiana to udhampur on 13
for both wake up call and water
please give the schedule of t _numeral_ worldcup
wow kohli
i am looking for movers and packers
want to pay electricity bill
i m interesting  in gazi.
has
yes raippur
any tamil movies released this weekend
iam travelling from chennai to mumbai on april 28 and returning on 29
do n t send the score please
hi ishita
tnks
i not book a resurve
wat tym howrah reach
Could you please call me 30 mins prior to the meeting?
i want to cancei
so what do you think about the match who will take it
and send sms as well
next match in pune when is it
conjuring 3 dates
ipl cup won the witch team
visakhapatnam
can i get food now
any offers??
any offer in dth recharge?
i didn't get any message of ticket
any train from zaheerabad to kerala
please give me contact details of nearby gangar eye nation
Hi I want to know nearest gati logistics centre
what are ticket rates for sahara stadium in pune for ipl match
gand marav na tu
agra
best psychologist near my location
when the final match
Available trains for guwahati from kolkata
send me d link,,, i'll download !
Places to visit near shimla
i am good can you tell me how can one get tickets for india vs west indies match at wankhede
beauty saloons
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 693475, user_id: 1974864, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can you please arrange tickets for me of india vs australia match on _date_ in mohali
i got this update yesterday
there is no ticket left for the sunday in chinnaswamy stadium
Can u pls tell me the show timings? Im in bengaluru.. N I want the timings for mantri inox.
any offer in train
good morngz
order got cancelled
for me?? have i completed 3 cab rides??
Nobody called me for my travel package
Is there any train on 2nd January From Guwahati to Ahmedabad?
nxt station?
i want to stop the wake up call
pura bole..mere liye to kuch rkhna tha ji
i want yo find flights from delhi to bengaluru on 15th april
thank you sakshi ji
can you book tickets for mumbai and bangalore match on _date_ april at wankhede
can i know what s the score
another option
price kya hai
tommorows match
hi, i want to book ubergo {product_id:fd11743e-18ed-4402-bf7b-2cc1182a114b, api_name:uber, product_name:ubergo, seat_count:none}
its not updated points table mam
Pls try with mozo in city centre mall
actually in my wallet 60rs is available hw can it will refund to bank account
is there any chances for rcb to qualify
i am watching commando 2
Hey! I need to send a parcel from Bangalore to Chennai today it's urgent and needs to reach tomorrow morning, can you find me bus services for this
helium balloons nearby
i would like to order breakfast for me
if i book train ticket so i have to pay extra something
from kanpur to jaunpur
tell me the nearby restaurants
liv match score
dc car show room
yes schedule from _date_ to _date_ may _numeral_ please
Can u book a cab for me
Give me d flight cost from pune to Mumbai morning tomorrow
plz update mam
any punjab movie
which match is happening
Send more hotels
haven't recieved chicken crispy yet.. it was my last order
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 698593, user_id: 1980862, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want vada pav
time u want
oki
are there cabs in goa?
Hyderabad to Goa 22-9-2016 am Vichy flight Vichy prices
noo
Hey is there any night unlimited pack in airtel?
Hey can u plz tell me where is lenovo 's mobile service centre nearby
mumbai indians matches
Remind me to call shekhar 12:22
mumbai darbar
match is dd vs rcb
ok nishant
emi me fees bhar sakte hai ?
mc donald's nearby
n say
how much time u will take
Tata docomo store
i want manappuram gold loan near srinivas theatre uppal
Tata sky recharge I am looking for
like?
my query from yesterday still persists
there is any sbi atm near
can you please give a details of runrate
full sechdule
it's tamil word
what _date_ match
it's bus
south africa lost match
hi kaushik
for
What is Flight Web Check in?
i want to ask
hey , can u find me some good wishes for marriage anniversary of my parents ?{task}
Can u recommend any properties of the jumeirah group of hotels
plz remind me to call swati at 4.15 pm today
any cab offer
Can i book movie tickets
ur pleasure
Jet 307
Remember me to call Reliance broadband office in 11:00 am by msg
send me the teams
Is there any availablity in any other trains
You got the seat number
show me cheapest flights from delhi to bangkok
gud evng shilpa
any romantic movie available now?
kxip means
please show me trains from mas to ktym for sleeper (sl) on 06-03-2017.
kohli scores in ipl _numeral_
send the updated one bro
i would like to book cab from chennai tamilnadu to vellore tamilnadu
north stand sachin tendulkar stand
can i get near by theater
do you buk tickets for ipl
cancel my remainder to drink water
Tell me the timngs of pink in star world cinema aligarj
no problem.. i understand policies
srh team who s batting side
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 727266, user_id: 1984897, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
almost
vodafone store near to me in double road and today it open
i don't want remainder to get up
bangalore kims
dont we have two matched _date_
saurashtra university
bellary
Tell me a train from Pune to Akola on 26 october
Cancel this reminder pls
i will get 75 cb on how many times ? cab rides
can u set that particular alarm time for the whole month..
kindly have a look at the query
cab booked
Why is the list not showing shatabdi express?
Monday 4pm vikas p Chs  reminder
best restaurants
just want to knoe
BSNL broadband connection call back
thnx david but i clicked the link bymistake
sorry i didn't know that cancels
suggest any reasonable hotel near ghatkopar mumbai
5 @m
daily medicine reminder stop
it was of yesterday
24/09/2016 seat are vacant or not .Delhi to Sultanpur
not just this scores of batsmen spells of bowlers in both innings nprovide these details after every match
around 6 30pm.today
this is points table
show me my reminders now
i'm going to uninstall your app
what should be the frequency?
can u check my flight status
money will get deducted from my ola money ?
itis been one hour
be happy lije a rose so i send for u
central bank of india
i m looking it for hindi dubbed
do i have any discounts on ride ?
haa pooja 🙄
find boys hostel, paying guest, to let rooms nearby mission coaching centre jaipur. please find urgent
any update on previous bill payment  of electriciry
which team had best chances to qualify
haptic is known for virtual assistant. right?
wish to recharge
score you rgent
no time preference
any cheap flights to lucknow from delhi on 23rd june
what time will the match start again
banglore team how many match played and how many wins
thanks sure dear.
hai shreyaji could you help me
Pls can u show me train for
me khud uth jati hun.shukriya
Get me nearest hdfc bank not atm .. pls
gym near me
Place to visit near by me within 50km.
tel me about kolkata ticket s prices
What is this reminder about ?
helloo gud mrng
by mistake i recharge other number
but dial one more wake up call today at 9:15 am
today 2 pm aims
Tatkal
thank u so much good service
book a flight for goa
oru mexican apatatha
onward date - 15 march
i want to book flights
are you a bot ??
"wake up call	date: march 5, 2017	time: 7 50 am"
ist ac
will u pls help me with the menu card of macdonalds
can u help me with the show timing at goregaon cinemax
rcb vs kkr nscoreboard
india ka next match
1ticket
thank you so much fr the update bt i do not want any update for _date_ s or any other match
hlo
can uou check again with oman airways.... the arrival at bombay should be on 8th NOV not 9Th.... they have  mentioned 9Th Nov... i am confused
every half n hour
Is it tatkal
7.00 a.m wake up
but i has no travels
thursday trains to goa from cst
Canara Bank e-lounge near me
3/21/2017
need a cab for tomorrow
can i tell me details such team is playing aginst wich team
whose on bat
are bhai full kadak
pnb rupay
who are in the finals
pooja garden
Central Bank atm
what to do
i haven't got any calls till now!!
new marathi movie realeas
Hey i want to cancel my reminder
no i dont
pm flights
todays ipl match prediction analysis
How much will i hav to spend for a visa to bangkok
"		i would like to cancel my meet sonia reminder for sun, 05 march at 11:00 am { reminder_list: 713492, user_id: 1899440, task_name: meet_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
hmm wait a sec
ok great .remind me at 1:30 to order plz.
can you arrange tickets for wankhede for _date_ s match
my pickup is-
dth offer
ent specialist
logan tomorrow
Can you find cheapest hotel in near Darjeeling railway station?
from secunderabad to gachibowli
good night☺☺☺☺☺☺
offers on dish???
hey i have issue in thia ride
Asus authorized service center for laptop
please send your pic
the above options u shared do not deliver at my address
i like your customer engagement and retention strategy with weekly mails
please make it for today only and cancel other alarms
cash back or something?
Refund amount is 3884?
I want dry manchuriyan one fresh dish
what about the tickets
its inr 5145
tumrw reminds me  at 2:15pm do to call advocate
no, i am not the prime minister
movies screening in wardha ??
May I know which all movies are there in DRC
r u there
please add it on my google calendar
This reminder is for Free
Remind me to book bus ticket for October 8 on September 27 8"pm
ohhhhh no tanq
will let u know
can you tell me ipl tickets in delhi
Any phone bill offer
bkc bandra
cab charges from sec 43 bus stnd chandigarh to ellante mall chandigarh..
thank you in advance for the updates
adult movies
i want to find a gym nearby
i need a contact no delhi city tour
mulund west
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 691959, user_id: 1979295, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
airoli
mytrivanam
Royal Enfield service centres
this is a mobile service centre
it got cancelled by mistake
i want so some order
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for this week (mon - fri) at 05:45 am { reminder_list: 587575, user_id: 1947266, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
coffee shops
i unable to pick destination
which is the best restaurant?
train no 12627
am i travelling today???
cancel wake up
hotel in salt lake
what time is the opening ceremony of ipl
otherwise i would uninstall your app then install another app
train 🚂 offers
148
thank you. appreciate your help
hey vipul you r such a great
wen is indiaz nxt match
Ncm pink movie ticket price
hello, when can we check-in for my flight?
are you human or programmatic system
pl find me phone no of lic office. khopat thane west
pls coordinate with urbanplay for the same
cancel it please
day time
offer on electricity bill please?
Tell me train from Amritsar to ludhiana for today
Near by theater
Taxi from Chandigarh to am bala
currnt score
what do you think who will win todays match
manal who won the match
cinema theatre
Tabulate call rates, long duration packs of local STD packs, extra talktime, full talktime, unlimited local calls, minutes pack of vodafone prepaid
bro score
i want to call botox guy tomorrow and also look for wall photos at 11 am tomorrow
monday ko to hai ye
is there any offer for dth reacharge
bangalore will win the final
i didn't receive
Tell me about the restaurant Bon Appetit.
Movies releasing on 7th oct?
for punjab and kolkatta
bday save kijiye
any offers on   train tickets
who is the recent owner rcb team
i need to know current offers
do u expect a call in 10 min????
i need suv
from delhi i want return details from delhi to bangalore..
Can you estimate me a travel package to Goa
hlo dear
wrongly cancellwd
i. need a bus route from rr nagar to ullal
muthot finance
thanks......
may i please have the orange cap holder s list
sure sir.
oh ok thank you
How do i port my number to airtel
could you please provide me the coupon code
what is distance from rajendra nagar to kajrekar optisian kothrud
can u gv me the running status of kanchankanya express...i dont know the train no. but the train left sehldah approx 8 30 pm
i want to g9  "adone"
14 to 15 march
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 16312{product_id:16312_majn_bsr,api_name:trains_api}"
is tis system generated message
need to pay my mts mblaze data card bill,
yes please keep update of game
Paneer
nice
can u see a flight for me from bangalore to mumbai on 22nd march
😝
shell petrol bunk
thanks bro...
where is world's largest wi-fi hub
i want fill my petrol tank
how can i help you?
is there any chance to extend the validity of the promo code
yeah! i woke up
baickal
what is the squad for india _date_
when bahubali 2 release
mistakenly i taped cancel
it was closed
Laurel mall
it s a wonderful innings by virat
yesterday i booked a flight for may 19
Need to book  tickets darshan for tirupati
I will get back to you once the travel dates are finalised.
meet sweetie at 5.50 pm
sorry pankaj mind changed
wait i think i want return cab
I need cheap fare flight from Bangalore to Doha in this week
what's wrong with the citrus page
any discounts available
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 633067, user_id: 1961571, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
shraddha tumhe kya lgta hai kon jitega
Semi sleeper non a/c
gym shops in kochi
referal code is not validating
ok thanks i need this a picture type
8169676378
help me  need to know berth availability for 22nd march
can you please let me know playing _numeral_ of both the teams
hw s rangoon
nearest sbi atm
wats the waiting
hey what does the points table look hwjjqjejeiwjwjlike kkjjkkh
give me only one way from jaipur to nagpur
who will win ipl nthis yeat
when i will get the cashback on my last ride
Can you just tell me what will be the Uber fare, from kalasipalayam Bangalore      to Banashankari bda complex
can check now
please search it....
nice trailer
which over is running nwho are the batsman
thanks let's c is it successful or not bcoz i don't know wer to check that transaction id..
mobile number can be changed
no now i don't need anything
looking for a handyman
time preference is dt whch could save money
Remind me to "swipe out" at 8.55 am
can u set alarm for me ?
17
remind me to call bhagwati
_numeral_ may pune match ticket availability
good noon meenakshi ji
No i want a alarming sound so in case if i was sleeping i will wake up
nearest syndicatebank atm
ok thk
I want to cancel my all wake up calls
ambur to chennai train time
i ca n t see the points table
sorry no
no no i like ur patience
how much is the fee for check up
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 684090, user_id: 1944071, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
only one
i m asking about remaining matches
Types of pizza
We need a hotel or resort in jaipur and we also have a pet with us (dog)
can you get me the ipl ticket
remind me to call chetan kataria on this monday
"gulsher khan 54 m adhar - 537201949037	zarina khan.   46 f	amir khan.      24 m 	anjum khan.   24 f	one child below 5 years 	aisha khan.     02 f"
starting time of ipl
yes could you please tell which team won _date_
10/21/2017
hi nishant{task}
cancel the wake up alarms. from 6am to 7am
now i need
Call me at 7 am for doing exercise
i m going to uninstall this app if this gives next message about ipl
can u plz tell today gold prices for pune ?
send me live update
order place or not?
sorry for my words.
helo
carry english text book
i have to go from chinchwad to airoli
nothing just chat with me because when i see ur face i thought to talk tou
error was resolved
wi last over ball by ball score please
Reliance full talk time recharge?
hi sir/ madam iwant to central bank atms
repeatition of d match
hassan to banglore daily train timings
sorry about that
wt r u dng
What is actual cost of the ticket in Bangalore PVR
its okay thank you for sharing points table
Stop all my reminder system
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 715029, user_id: 1984248, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Can I have a menu of KFC
1 ticket 50 off ay all ticket
"		i would like to cancel my `wish subhasishnag happy birthday!` reminder for sun, 05 march at 12:07 am { reminder_list: 691548, user_id: 1976624, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Recharge 10 paise
hm
same as above
is it available for delivery at erode?
k tq
i don't want any calls
book the train
thanks to remind me
Good hotels in jaisalmer
i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 08:00 pm { reminder_list: 639610, user_id: 1683001, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
not points table
any offer on recharges?
5 minutes
wch movie is screening in ashoka theator
if can , plz block for window seat
set a reminder on monday wednesday and thursday for medicine
"do u know anna bhau sathe auditorium 	and it's way"
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for thu, 02 march at 06:42 pm { reminder_list: 683647, user_id: 1977435, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
plz give me location nearest to mehdipatnam
g8247
if they decide vishakapatanam will you help me to book tickets
goa to mumbai
you helped me win a bet
i'd like to order from dominos and see available deals.
5mins
_date_ which team is having match
ur name{task}
bro did you c todays match
ok... tq
book me a ticket in Himalayan queen train
when i will reach ajni station
oh cool.
I have a wake up call at 4 am
"		hi, i want to book ubergo {product_id:db6779d6-d8da-479f-8ac7-8068f4dade6f, api_name:uber, product_name:ubergo, seat_count:none}"
i want an hatchback cab
no cashback??
any offers on recharge nd bill payment?
Hey I want to find out the status of my booking PNR.
please send me the list of ipl most run scored players
Any bank of india or UBI atm plzz
9e
it's trailer not good show me another one
chennai super kings
what s rps
i want tickets to watch _date_ s match between srh vs rcb
we won it congrats bro
ok good night baby
can you show me the bet pizza in domino's
can you tell who won _date_ s match
any play station or snooker or pool center open now
they are still delivering? sure?
I need a taxi from Pune to lavasa by taxi and back
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 12802{product_id:12802_ndls_pnme,api_name:trains_api}"
letme try for 1 day  first...
gaurav sir acxording to your thinking which ipl team has the best chance to win ipl _numeral_
any offer for recharge?
or dis is the first innings
this is an old update
Its time to wake up..
i p l
Any offers for movies this Sunday?
flight cancellation charge
any discount for recharge
no not right now i'll let you know whenever i'll need to ride
where r u
i wnt to stop the previous reminder set up
set another wake up reminder
what happens
aap k mutabir konsi movie achhi hai😊
"hey	i did one cancellation of railway ticket on 2 nd march. it was said rs 610 will be transferred in my haptik account.. can you please advice how does it work and how to check the refund status"
can.you tell me which movies are going to release this weak
amazing....
reminder for a meeting
HDFC bank
look for an appointment
Hi can you please check in for me for my indigo flight from Nagpur to Pune at 10pm
mumbai okay
I need veg chocolate cake from Karachi
can i book tatkal
Thanks - will the restaurant be confirming separately?
Cancel my reminder which is scheduled at 7:30 am!
oh it was amazing match i think
hey can u book a table at barbecue
what should i do now??
i dont hav cash
wow they going so strong
which players are battibg
i would like to cancel all water reminders ols
Thodari movie review???
nothing.
Movies change
no thanka
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 689450, user_id: 1973387, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can u just give me info whether there are any hrtc buses from delhi to nainital?
Ola ?
i want lvb atm
who played qualifier _numeral_ and who won
shane watson n which team
Restaurant in pelling
itne din to ho gye
marathi movies
why have i received lesser refund?
yes. ..
i want to know  d tymin  of arrival nd departure of train
is this with _date_ s match calculated
virat kohlis total runs in this ipl season
hotel in jaipur
will gayle play _date_
ok i will let you know
no it's ok i don't want to cancel any
Can you tell me to what cities flights are being provided from gannavaram airport
that's it shruti, thanks
what are the chances fr mumbai to qualify
prasad jadhav
yest match of hyd and delhi was at kanpur
it's ola or under?
srh full scoreboard
sorry todat
so plz help me
For how much will be the ticket for 8:30 pm show??
pnr status 4228792237
vandu
which is the best postpaid telecom brand
i want to book a resort in coorg karnataka
punjab national bank
i already have 250 rs in my haptil account as balance
the household item
okay hyderabad won
from monday to saturday
good cheap lebanese restaurant
i want a painter
can we move the visit to morning time?
i want to visit rose garden, rock garden, elante mall and sukhna lane including other famous places
I need sbi atm
wt kind off cunterey
looking for guitar classes
first u are providing services in this area but not sure.
which team will win ipl _numeral_
then
how to become a jio prime user?
????what about the order i placed yesterday
recharge m
what is rate of alibaba's chicken biriyani
Needing coupons for movie ticket
Remind me to send an email at 8.10 tonight
tell me the cheapest theatre
"		i would like to cancel my meet vikas nautiyal ji reminder for thu, 23 march at 11:00 am { reminder_list: 571879, user_id: 1925720, task_name: meet_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
having query
PleaSe cancel my wake up call only for 20th September.
how much hv both d player contributed
Can u tell my current wake up call u have
sun risers are in _date_ placee
i want to know near restaurants
i want tickets for _date_ match
Live update of train no. 22406
Hey puneet.. pls remind me to wish happy birthday to amit at 9 am tomorrow
more wickets taken in ipl
show cheapest flights in april month
route for delhi police training school
kirik party
how badly did gujarat loose _date_ against rcb
hoi
demonisation ka mean kya
Please stop all the reminders
Please give me the name of best chinese action movies
indian overseas bank atm
mexican food restaurants
hello bola tha meine
on sunday night at 9
Srijagannath exp
don't miss cal me at morning 4:30
Help me with train odisha sampark kranti exp and neelanchal sf exp...I want to know te train routes...
Is smokin joes open now
what s the stats of virat kohli in this ipl
home
plz find my location
sure:)
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sat, 04 march at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 699536-699537-699538-699539-699540-699542, user_id: 1980766, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
tell me cashback offer for irctc
who are helping me on this? is it only you ankit?
brkfast
motorola authorized service center in nashik
3/4/2017
fare for boduppal from my location
kk..my card is icici
kartik g
12460 train no
Subway?
12910
hehe most run outs in ipl too
i booked cab from ola
remind me this task tomorrow at same time
Departure City: Thanalur
Momo
keep updating me after every over
cheapest
hey . it's my birthday on the 17th of march so i was looking for good affordable places to have a party with my friends.. help me out
what s the scores
Seat no. ??
Delhi to goa
reminder call pls
I dint order any Eva pizza
how many time india scored over _numeral_ against australia in t _numeral_ format
hey wake me up at 8
dont call it
Is any restaurant Indore
But call me daily haan
ma'am i am trying to share this app to my friend by shareit its not opening in his mobile
i love you mam
i want to set a to do reminder
give your seniors feedback about this and tell them to add such services too.
right now what fare and root via city
i m not able to do the payment for this ticket
other atm
Remind me by 2:30 to make a call
hello, could you remind me to take my medicines 💊 ?{task}
Everyday wake up call
fly1000 promo applicable only once??
when s kkr s next match
what are its conditions
byr
any cashback for train booking?
hi can u help me
I need a burger pizza from dominoz
Hey do you guys book tatkal train tickets as well?
Theatres providing tickets below 130rs. For tomorrow's show of pink
hey when is the next match of india
who out in kkr
wts the prise from hyd to lucknow on 17 june17
okay madam bye
from time to time
whats the current score between gujrat lions vs kings
12/30/1899
ok m telling u
please check pnr status 81568 93105
ok thankx a lot.. will get back to u in a while
trains to baroda timings
wt r da costs of dose offers
butter chicken
that was not recharge
I have a tata sky My subs id is 1161857998, i mailed them regarding installation of my tata sky at my new address and my new no was updated to their personnel, i was also promised that personnel visit will be made on sunday, But no such personnel has contacted me, kindly do the needful,  contact them and fix an installation appointment
Tnpl final match 2 tickets
barasat
from my home ahmedabad
any cash back offers
they r skillfull
this is hindi?
cancel tkt
"		i would like to cancel my to-do: ready to go office for sat, 04 march at 07:30 am { reminder_list: 589820, user_id: 1904241, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
coupons for recharge
Find me a flight from delhi to pune on 17th night
what team is yuvraj singh playing for
Chicken tikka rate
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 705624, user_id: 1845841, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
remaining match schedule
my birthday 12 march
plz remind me to call faisan after 1 hr
is there any movies in bhimavaram showing now
why is my electricity bill still showing unpaid ?
hey hii
these r very costly ..
"		i would like to cancel my call chandrakant reminder for everyday at 06:00 am { reminder_list: 220025, user_id: 1409360, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
ola sedan urgent
do u see the confirmed tickets in any of the trains
will any book store in college street kolkata remain open
can you turn of my medicine reminder
MS Dhoni the untold story movie is releasing in which theatre nearby?
yatra online private limited : your cart ct425680 is confirmed. 1.air : 9w376 del-bom at 19:15,02 mar 2017 arriving 21:20 02 mar 2017 pnr - qimzfs, pax-mr u vinayachandran.
can you book at barbique nation
good morning 😊
hey above prices expire it seems
any indian matches
if srilanka wins will they go to semis
Wake me
can you tell me which batsman had the highest strike rate in _date_ s match
"		i would like to cancel my `wish happy birthday!` reminder for wed, 15 march at 12:00 am { reminder_list: 614950, user_id: 1945991, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
from nagpure to chandrapur
and it needs to be able to be picked up in pune and dropped off in goa.
if u like me pls share your feelings
Cafe dalal street?
Pls tell me cheapest flight on 6 nov evening or 7 nov early morning
send the cab
"		i would like to cancel my reminder to 'leave from office' for fri, 03 march at 06:45 pm { reminder_list: 683195, user_id: 1925804, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
also, it will be cheaper
thank you for the update lady
2s
biryani order krna h
notify me every over please
Looking for punjabi food
where can i get molten lava cake
Departure time of Shatabdi
And refrigerator coil
no cash is there
i want to know about _date_ s game
Can u stop this remainder
9.30 pm
I want to book the tickets
Parched movie review
i think their is some confusion with the flight rates .
teams in qualifier _numeral_ and finals
which train tickets have offer
Hai i want axis bank near me
is tatkal ticket booking available
Hdfc bank near gaurav tower, malviya nagar , Jaipur
firangi
slice of heaven is open in this time
is guptill coming to mi
Do you have any attractive package to Mumbai?
can you hold ticket by 2 pm
my pleasur
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 10:00 pm. { reminder_list: 507869, user_id: 1921660, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Ten wake up calls sharp at 6
is there any matches in delhi next week
its to start the preparation for kajals birthday
one veg thali
Please  suspend this reminder for water
paying guest apartments/flats on twin sharing or single sharing in andheri west
i'm not searching for a particular train but for a train that runs on 15-06-17 from bengaluru to bhopal
2nd is quite better
_date_ match sechdule
can u tell me how to reach gb road new delhi
tha9
how many price of this
hey want to know the best possible price for delhi to seattle,usa from 3rd april?
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for fri, 03 march at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 695465, user_id: 1889200, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
train no 19413 will come in which platform in bhopal
already taken...
did u got
ticket offers ?
3 TICKETS HAI
I need a refrigerator mechanic
Opa cafe and bar
that time i am cochin{task}
Looking for closest Citibank ATM
swimming clubs nearby my location
did not understand
At 24th September 11.30 am in the morning please specifically remind me of the beneficiary
hello i want to go for ypr
Hey order white sause pasta from gammat jammat
i want near by internation airport
hello actually i want to know about non-refundable flight policy of make my trip
tu sbi assistants ka center ek hi jgh he kya
need share cab
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 07:00 am { reminder_list: 701174, user_id: 1905325, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
l g service centre mehsana
One masala toast sandwich and one vegetable toast sandwich from cafe elite
i want bajjis
cancel all reminders
Please check ticket from Coimbatore to Chennai for 2nd Oct
12/30/1899
can u help me in looking in for a flat of 1 bhk semi or fully fursnished
want to reach argie
remind me about recharge
please suggest other atm
where is my refund which i booked eariler
can you check table is available at the rock adyar for friday ?
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 08:00 am { reminder_list: 725006, user_id: 1755854, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can help me to find a nearby swimming poll
Require electrician
Can you find me the nearest Punjab National Bank ATM
Navratri chanya choli
I need d remainder on every day .
uma dont have any last name... surname of syam madathil somanatha pillai
ohh god
And from chinchwad to pune
phone pr baat to ho rhi he but music nhi sun pa rha hu
Distance from dadar
shukria
12/30/1899
almost 12.30
pless u check & rpy me
i want to cancel all the reminders
mail bejna
what happened
please sed me score
9.o clock morning
it's in process.. in email n call they contacted
remind me at 10:30am
show me the map
#add a new to-do
Can u set a reminder for patent application every day till 27 September?
Show me the Bus routes to besant nagar beach From Tondiarpet
send pdf on my email
hi what time will the match start
reverse is possible with you
It's a defence booking
katra train
i want ipl list
i think paymt have some offer, i have to check there olso
where is wasim
i vl be back
"		i would like to cancel my call someone reminder for everyday at 10:00 am { reminder_list: 691174, user_id: 1751112, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
how is this place called "indigo deli" in bandra
Send me the location for royapas chettinad rain forest restaurant
any refers code
can u?
india n overseas bank atm's hydr a bad near aneerpet pls
okey sure
can you book or may i
i want pg nearby my place
sorry _date_ s score
Can you call 9958781008
can u book my ride ??
where is my order
shresta vihar delhi
hindi mai msg kr
cancel wakeup call
return journey
i wanted rcb to win though
can you send me the ipl schedule
rohit sharma the hitman i jus love him
Cabs??
logan movie review
on ipvijya
is my yesterday's refund done?
2017 indian gov. industrial policy
todey wiin the team
thxs
ok thank you
wake me up at 6:30
specially for ur quick response ..and nature of talking
please tell me results of _date_ s match
Nearby atm
ok tanq
borivili to mahabaleshwar
kindly stop this reminder
Give the train time table  from nashik road to parbhani
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sun, 05 march at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 707629-707630-707631-707632-707633-707634-707635-707636-707637-707638-707639, user_id: 1982531, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want to book a flight to chennai
yess yesterday i have booked cab but i have not earned cashback of 75
not now deepti
You can stop the reminder now.
tiffin service
KFC chicken dikhao
where i have to find
where s the transaction number?
what is the current status of my berth
can i change my phone number
i need a reminder.
Utkarsh  bank
Bus please
i have lost my ticket from delhi to bangalore
please give a vivo ipl _numeral_ match time table
leave thi
whts the status
Including food?
can you remind me of drinking water
bike showroom
can you tell me when will ai 120 land{task}
Any bus from jammu to chandigarh
more 6 time in a day
ahmedabad to delhi
Paytm landline bill payment offers
wah superb site
remember at 12 clock tomm order pizza
give me winners name from ipl _numeral_ to _numeral_
can   book a bus ticket
twice in a day
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 05:56 am { reminder_list: 701401, user_id: 1971570, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Any plan for diwali
i want to know good restaurants in nallasopara
Please remove all the reminders on my account i.e. 7:00 am and 9:00 am
rohit sharma score in every match in ipl
Please provide me all the bus services  contact no
i will do that.
turn off
Sleeper
kachiguda
can u tell me coupon codes for domino's
find any wines in my near location
can you list me all the branches of indian bank in hyderabad and secunderabad?
i wish to have health quiz!!!
ya ok
but i will book only by june end
3.00pm  today
if electronic appliances showroom or shop near by me
call me at 5.30pm
thank you..
a medium size computer table types
how reffaral code is work
on _numeral_ m looking for place to watch t _numeral_ against pakistan so can you suggest me
hi meenakshi a very cool and hot good morning
Can u order a biryani for me
Vijaya bank atm
what else u can help me with
i want to book tickets for 1 passengers in train number 12823 date 4-3-2017
any recharge offers right now
nothing pls ignore
venkies
I'd like to order one plate of malai tikka chaap from punjabi chaap corner in lajpat nagar 1
patiala to dhariwal
your domino's 4 digit verification code is 2167
how much it cost from laxmi nagar school block
"yes	please tell me their monthly charges?"
"		i would like to cancel my to-do reminder for this weekend (sat, sun) at 11:00 am { reminder_list: 671298, user_id: 1747847, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
"name : shruti	date : 22 nd june every year"
Mahalingpur to bangalore by bus tomorrow... best offers
can you stop the reminders to drink water?
what is india s position in the women s t _numeral_ worldcup
no just today
ty :)
Check for dominos todays offer
who scored what runs
in ghaziabad
no just add reminders heading as eb house
keep updating the score
Can you tell me if I can book a tatkal ticket from Ambala to Dhanbad through Durgiana Express  on 6 oct  from here
ohh teri ,😂😂
to pay postpaid bill
what you do??
by any batsman
every 2 hr
please send me boarding pass
its ok please do not disturb onwards
hi, i'm interested in watching nenu local. {movie_name:nenu local}{task}
Please cancel the above reminder
i wnt offers for pizza hut
logan in hindi
i want bus at 12 pm
Any plan for Manali trip ?
american express
Hi looking for kfc
i have a train to catch tomorrow morning at 7:30 am. so can u call me and wake me up by 6
every 1 hour
monday on word's all reminder start
no cash in icici and hdfc also
_date_ s kings xi punjab match socre
every 2hours from 10 am to 10 pm
I want to order ice cream from gyani's ice cream
dont order
Show me Orion mall in Bangalore
Hey could u send the menu of ribbons and balloons?
i did not get the cashback in my account
thank you, i'm on it
i need 1 more ticket for tomorrow
Hy reschedule my tomo alarm at 9:30
i need an help from you
shashank barve
remind call to murugesh for take a cheque..
Want to book flight
five star
yusuf score run in _numeral_ time
fair auote will be 3434
Find live status of train number is 64911
State bank of india near my location
who is the top scorer
bro tht was by mistake
can u set for watchman for my house in hyderabad?
cancel it
wanted to know _date_ s match result
highest score maker of kkr _date_
Sayali ? Can i set Multiple wakeup calls ?
gimme 5 mins pls
anything else? i have used it
how much amount we can draw in atm per day
crr score nplz send total detail screenshot
nd bowling coach
more options
where can i find food at this time ?
do inform me dear
update me scores of _date_ s final match for every _numeral_ mins
hi do you have any offer for mobile recharges
no i need to continue
how will the payment be?
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 12786{product_id:12786_hup_atp,api_name:trains_api}"
do u have any special offer
i will booked my  friend tickets any problem
what will be the price of a tatkal ticket
payment method should be credit card
can you plz tell me how many train on kanpur to phaphund
_date_ s ipl match list
going
srh scoreboard
remind me to buy 2 good night refill at 7 pm today
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 05:49 am { reminder_list: 690693, user_id: 1979014, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can you send me match schedule
check it
panchmukhi ke near by me koi printing press h
can u tell me the devgiri express will come on which platform at secunderabad
do you have any offer for internet bill payment
who r the playing _numeral_
direct flight
hey i need a reminder call for every half hour to drink water
near by pizza corner
it's my son's birthday and i want to book a nice place for him and his friends for saturday 4th march
Send email to tour operator in Cambodia
malayalam movies please
where can i get macbook charger
i need hotel for two people on siliguri
looking for a bus from bangalore to karwar.
is any coupon code available for mobile recharge?
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 698132, user_id: 1980734, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
wat is d scoree
i have already ordered but the food hasn't come yet
hi how r u ...
1ac or 2Ac will do
thankyu
no i dont need
Dominos will deliver at my place . ?
looking for marriage councillors
thankss shruti😊
i will let u knw
post office
_date_ match scheduled
Book TICKET for tomorrow 8:10
Hey if I book the ticket in haptik what should show to the ticket checker that I have reserved this sit???
asha guest house is ac room
till friday, repeat it please
Jet airways also full
PVR juhu
sori now i don't have
now how will i have a great day?
could you get a cheaper one for us
on which platform khumbh exp. will coming?
i wanna travel
hi milvika
Please Get me flight details for a round trip of Kolkata to Jaipur for 3 days in the month of September
kal kitne score banaye ji kohli ne
i want new reminders
gave me the schedule of matches of ipl
agar surat se goa jaana ho toh kaise jaana chahiye ?
want to order
dhoni
that's okay
bank of baroda atm please
search for bhuari
Food deliver
to thrissur
name sagar bhatia
want to book bus ticket in srs
set a reminder at 10:03pm
no these are through delhi
bating kiski he
arrival of flights from mumbai on tuesday the 7th of march
bt no live match tdu
hotels nearby
yeshwanthpur  xpress
Please tell the running status of train number 22640
Best recharge for my number
I want to order MC donalds burger
what vll be my total cost
are you planning to send some one home
if so i eould like to get de details
مدد چاہے مجھے
direct flight is available or not
i am traveling tomorrow from delhi to  goa by go air flight
looking out for hydraulic ladders on rent
every 2hours
mumbai indians schedule
who has scored the most runs
oki cool
phadake road number is wrong
cncel it
tv repairer i need
Vegetarian restaurant
Remind me of my official birthday
chennai to vijayawada is any trains
Wake me up at 5 am today with a call
not yet updated are you sure
i need to insurance for my two wheeler
2nd ac
lalbagha
is there any tata sky recharge offer
can i have any offers on bill payment
Best places to see in singapore
Remind me to download PPF form today at 11 am
Cafe
cheenai
Hi I want to book a flight from Hyderabad to milan on 28th of this month ... Can I know what are the best options
most wicket tacken bowlers in _numeral_
with ola money
how can i see live match on mobile
book
get me updates of _date_ whole match with every over
uber or ola ?
upcoming matchs
what is this shit now
i want ticket from kanpur to mujjafarpur
i made 2 bill payment yesterday but both not reflected in my account
wanted to check which match do we have _date_
mumbai indians and rcb
leave it.
need a flight to hyderabad on 9th march morning from bangalore
any offer for recharge
received for the bill payment
match kon jitega
sorry i will book in make my trip
do you have any promotion code for uber
wat updates wil you provide me if i mesage you
i order but in uttam nagar burger king is not delivered
ok so how can i delete the chat that i have had with you?
pooja 😘
uee
kkr just won i think the points table is not updated
gujrat lions
plz chk both screen shots
the semis
confirm which platform
need to call sneha, wasim, sachin, raj rokade on 4th march 2017
i am looking for cheap flight tickets from kolkata to amritsar  for 5 th june
Need a plumber in vinamra khand gomti nagar
can you please update me on the cricket scores
privee
i want to pay airtel landline bill
hii khusbhoo
if i want i will ask u
remind to start with my counselling assignment at 5 pm
Is there any Malayalam movie running in Ludhiana?
which movies in krishna hall nagaon
The reminder u send is only through sms right??
not now ...but will let u noe
i will be on that
pnr status dekho na
I wnat book some movie tikets
highest run scorer of ipl _numeral_
can u please is atm loaded with cash
can i know approx cost as well  drop point is nerul terna hospital
india losing
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 02:30 pm { reminder_list: 707694, user_id: 1982483, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Dominos s there n Tiruppur
i want t to get price for ac service and nitrogen filling
stop reminder to drink water
can you help me order from kfc again
All reminders are for today
give me procedure
Stop this water drink reminder
give me full schedule of ipl _numeral_
have a pleasant nyt 😂😂😂
one hour ??,
near m hero ka showroom batao
any time..
pls find refund status
Tell airtel broadband customer support
Accha do one thing remind me at 11 Am to get ready for Date
Cancel this reminder now please.
restaurant open now?
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 01:00 pm { reminder_list: 692154, user_id: 1979476, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
get me the date of 5th
please tell me the highest score in this ipl
yes i know their going to get points i mean if they getting any bonus points
thank you..sandeep sir
4641282078 pnr status 7th march
medical store
pls make it to 11.50
Yess....but is there any train with seats till 3 in noon ?
i wanted to know about _date_ s match
Can u book table for 6 in mainland China in Powai
have a nice day..
hey, do you guys provide service in indorr as well?
Book a seat in train for Mumbai from Bhubaneswar
muje kalyan janhai train konsa hai
yes that was gud n n accha could you let me knw is there any app or any site or any way i can see live streaming of sony max
web check in please
can you tell me the stoping points of prasanthi express
i want to pay for my ola ride through haptik balance. is it possible ??
no it was wrongly clicked
Homeopathy medical shop
Mumbai to Nagpur 3 days before Diwali
chances of rain
..
domino's
Fusion dosa cafe menu plzz
Could u get me the running status of train number 22640
every month bike emi on 4th
no it was not sanyam's birthday....
but i love u
can i get someone who can make website
what name have u reserved d table
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 05:30 am { reminder_list: 724824, user_id: 1975086, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
8.25 pm tonight
what offers are in thi section
rcb vs puneol
hello sandeep
who scored maximum runs in _date_ s match
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sun, 05 march at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 711314-711315-711316-711317-711318-711319-711320-711321-711322-711323-711324, user_id: 1961602, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
best lawyer  of criminal
give me
take print of ankitji and voltace statement tomorrow at 10am
Fare?
do u think its a good movie?
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 09:00 pm { reminder_list: 725194, user_id: 1371832, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
any eateries near by
everyday is a sunday for me sir
Distance of ahmdabad from surendranagar
Need to know beat Mexican food near to my residence
if available please tell me
who won give details
wat shall i do
awesome trailer
witch teams match _date_
can i have score of each team
i will book some another day
yep, i'm doing great. thanks for your concern. currently there is nothing i need a help
thn for cancellation
no thanks sir
bike service
i didnt get match schedules
thanks but release date kya hai
some more
Hey, can you remind me about call father
"		i would like to cancel my `wish uday happy birthday!` reminder for sat, 05 august at 10:39 am { reminder_list: 690621, user_id: 1977338, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
r u remember about my wake up
tnxx may i hv the t _numeral_ match schedule
customised gift shop and its number
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 02:13 pm { reminder_list: 713525, user_id: 1983938, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
when sachin tendulkar's biopic is releasing?
appointment with dr shrikant kelkar at 11th march 2017 12.50pm
ok thanjs
no problem... thanks alot
but have not recieved data
update me later about who won
ntng else sir.just i asked that's all
every day
please explain above icon to attach image of id, is it required in mandadory?
hello waseem
any update?
Can you please check the flight status for AI672
no ...
Are there any swimming classes in nizampet
remind me tomorrow to pay my bill at 12pm
please help me madam
i asked about his bowling figures _date_ at the match
uber
can you find me  a  pg near manyata
good day to you
really this app is awesome
Can you help me plan a trip for 30 people?
Is there any flight in evening
Tel me thane to kolhapur train ticket price
train no 19413 will come in which platform in bhopal
lcd sony tv
bt i want e tickets on my mail id
last match full scoreboard
anyother offer except this?
10 tarikh ko dekho na train
points able
ooh very boring match seems like even god do n t want it to be conducted
set a reminder for tomorrow
what are ur predictions
any female trainer?
want ordered it from swiggy
send me in every _numeral_ overs
i want to book a bus tickets
Call me in 1 minute n say maps
is there la pino
who won the match last match
hubli to vijay wada please train no
Any volvo bus service available from Ludhiana - Punjab to Manali.
what is the news about next ipl match
what is the location to do with score
Dth recharge not available here
Kanjirappally, grand opera theater show times
i am planning for lunch
bangladesh are favourite to win this
Any place nearby for shopping
top team in ipl
can u check the availabilty of train ticket bet mlmr to kmu on 7th of march17 after 1400 hrs
bhubaneswar  to new delhi
Hi can u send me baba the crazy eggs menu please
Thermoflask bottle
Timings
you are such a saver
sunrissers
I'm thinking dat Iwil catch the train are not
crucual match
less costly
i want to go to pune station
please set a call reminder
u must be enjoying your job
what is the exact 75 rupees cashback deal
not fixed
shall i suggest a best brand and shoo
what will be the refund amount if i cancel the ticket.
i need them to place a picture on the cake if u knw wat i mean
pnb bank
can you tell me any restaurants that will deliver food at this time near me
owner of gl
sir abhi check kiya pahuch chuka hai sir thank you sir
nt nw
3/7/2017
set it
i need total match schedule
arrival: 07:45 am (23 mar)
Need dth recharge discount coupon
how about thiruverumbur
Hey I m looking for gym nearby
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 07:02 am { reminder_list: 723847, user_id: 1986117, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
heyyyy
12member
so where i can use that wallet money
noone
where can i get a sim card i am going to usa for one week so i want a sim card which has internet plans and calling to india and usa
as early as possible
guj vs pjb
Veg single combo
how many bowl he played
how much time ?
i havent received my ticket on my email
Please give me the details of 25th train, from Goa to Delhi.... And it's train route
What is the fare of 2s
who won the match between rcb and sunrisers hyderabad
_date_ any matches
ok good night
bill payment reminder
no  riminder work
oky thanks
nd if not then pls send me other train option
charge bhi lgte h kya
plzz stop water reminder
shimla and manali charge
theaters
hi punit
yestered score
can you tell me the ipl score and detail for _date_
can i get the scoreboard
nearby hotels
is there thammbi
में इंदौर से धुले जाना चाहती हूँ। मेरे पास कार हैं पर ड्राइवर नहीं। क्या आप बता सकते हैं मुझे कोई अच्छा सा ड्राइवर??
Remind me to collect payment from Sukanya today
is this automated robotic response or a living sensible person?? iam asking something and u are responding something
refer and earn applicable on muvi tickets
which hair cut saloon will be nice?
1. b chandrasekharan pillai,55,male 2.g sobhana kumari amma,55,female 3.bhagya lekshmi s,26,female
can you mail me the tickets and invoices that i booked yesterday
Seat number?
will you help me knowing about big data training centres which provides assured placement and is in delhi ncr.
what is the reminder about
Plz again schedule for me at 1 am
hey what the current score you
Hey please cancle the reminder
future market insights pune to nearest sbi bank
night
tickets rs
just check st thomas college pala.?
Cancel the tickets pls
done nor required
top scorer of worldt _numeral_ world cup
Book a ticket for chennai
so you hate rcb
when ever i want i message uu
Train timing of rajdhani from ndls to Jammu
umm no thanks .
hi, i'm interested in watching raees. {movie_name:raees}{task}
ok np. tysm
departure from allahabad is 5th at 5:20
Guwahati to Shillong
kindly remind me tomorrow for train at 4:30 pm
Any cash back deals on Vodafone bill payment?
जिंदगी का क्या पता कब मार्च आ जाये....
Domino's pizza
harydwar to new delhi
Help me with the nearest atm in sheetal nagar
Food delivery
any other cashback offer on bill payments or recharge?
priyanka?
u dont call me
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 03:00 pm { reminder_list: 707191, user_id: 1702659, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
archana
call reminder in hindi is possible?
You idiot i need tamil movies??
asked u something
pls call
delete my all reminder please
hey punit
coupon please
intatkal
hey buddy
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 11 march at 05:50 am { reminder_list: 667099, user_id: 1970390, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
ohhh not need now
and a another ticket
i know there is a aircel showroom near my place. around madipakkam/kilkattalai
i want to book flight tickets to amritsar
any offer for recharge or bill payments.??
rcb won was rooting for kkt
theater
i will use another time
yes after that i dint book cabs here
rest of the ipl schedule
thanks have a great night ahead
Please stop calling me
list of players in sunrusers hyderabad
kya kar rhae ho
first of all a big thank you for always saving me from getting into mess by forgetting so many things.... i guess i have become the brand ambassador of your app and keep on telling everyone to download and use
100% cash back is there????
what do you think
thanx sonam
Can you suggest me good mode of travel from Chandigadh to Dharmashala?
ill pay later
pta hai bhai ek wicjet vi gya guptil
5am today
kr do
cannought olacr
i want to send flowers to my friend today for her birthday
remind vatsal ji to talk to shri shri tomorrow at 12 noon{task}
i want pizza
what are the trains from mumbai to pune scheduked for tomorrow entire day
i need a contact number of hotel manali castle in manali
Remind me to call Joseph  by 1 pm today
Hie i want to knw how much..cost of bus ticket from bangalore to nashik
hello can you help me in finding grocery shop providing home delivery
There is only one train in that pic
plz tell me trains from mumbai to pune
cochin
stop all my schrdules
you charged extra 406 for the fare but the amount is lesa
faasos
Is the seat confirmed?
may i know the first match of gujarati lions had won
how many centuries did dawan scored in icc champions trophy
muje voda phone me 2g net 10 ya 15 days ke liye krvana hoto prize kaya he
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for fri, 03 march at 01:45 pm { reminder_list: 691866, user_id: 1938125, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
show me the best cheapest prices
where u from?
bellary to bangalore
send please latest
hi wake me up at 530 am
Train to Shimla. As a tourist.
Hi..can u tell which all trains go to gopalpur from Kolkata
tell me the players of srh
not rechable
Book tickets
can u tell me nearby flower shops
its too costly
Any flight price updates?
find me pool or share and tell me how much will be the estimated ride
how is the rating of oru mexican aparatha
my previous
Glass broken want to repait
no thanks i have got it
bangalore ceti jun to Allahabad
nirnkari school k bagal m
any cash back offer's for dth recharge??
good locations to travel in india with baby
go to home at 6pm
puneet ni would have give you _numeral_ stars but rcb s position is last second
any update
bye... im leaving
any offers on mobile bill payment?
I want train time table from wardha to Badnera
thank you what time does the india match start
yeaj
logan 2.30 pm rajhans cinema
64536 today
Is there delivery charge
i need phone number of kvb bank
any cafe near nirma university?
list
Set reminder to buy cake today after 2 hours
is there any legal betting websites in india
but didn't get the code row. .get50
adult
any cashback offer is running
not intereseted
ok.😊
who is vikas
virat s total score this ipl
search me the cng station nearby me thanks
Train to igatpuri
whose is going to hit the ground _date_
Can u plan a trip to puri from kgp  on 07.10.16..
not now .later i ask you .
bakery?
Is there any Apple service center near by vikhroli
Hey plz call me countious two time for remainder
2017
what do you think who will win todays match kkr or srh
Haha what if i dont wakeup with a single call
Any library nearby in panaji
i don't won't now sorry
arey no no
sorry , my mistake i thought you can help in this
Can you do location based reminders?
set alarms for today
logan (in english) show at mahagun mall vaishalli for today
may i know full scorecard
least nearby hotel .
update on ipl matche at wankhede stadium
sure ❤
aap 24 hours online rhte ho kya
Please cancel the reminder
Masala dosa order
or discounts
_date_ koi match hai kya
in every _numeral_ min i nedd to be updated with the scores
_date_ s match man
good day.
for 3rd to 4th march
best batsman in ipl till now
please show me fare calender
Kindly stop the reminder
good night rahul...,
can you let me knw d score fr every half an hour
tom morning
near shop s pta kr skte hai kya
i need trains between ranchi to kolkata
Is aureate non veg restaurant??
without offers i can't book
delhi to bareilly
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for thu, 02 march at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 683127-683128-683129-683130-683131-683132, user_id: 1977245, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
no, not yet. he will visit in the afternoon.
i want two more days
remind me to bring file every sunday opps lab at 8:00 pm
jet airways 9w 536 from mumbai on 7th march
i want to book a flight to ranchi from new delhi for 20th of april
Tell me train status
Just remind me for every hour to take water
what's up ?
on 7 th of march
i have own car
I'm planning to go in train around 3pm from TIR To MAQ
ok remind me about the offer when they come
aapke baad kon ayega iss channel me
I want to current status of ajanta express
Mra pnr chck krke btao train ka
nearest movie hall
i logged in for future
i told u to remain  hydrated
he is asking for 300
soon
can u tell me tha charges for these clases
Cancel my reminder
church  street, new thippasandra, indiranagar
i have recharged to incorrect number
Any discounts available if i pay my phone bill of Rs 900/-
Set reminders for water
is there any conveyance available from pipariya in mp to pachmarhi?
travel is to goa on 25 mar and return on 27
wake me up at 6.40am today
whats the train running status ryt nw
more sbi atm??
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 03:30 am { reminder_list: 686714, user_id: 1974875, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
which match is scheduled _date_
i want spoken english classes address
pan card consultants address
Hey what about the flight ticket from Kolkata to Delhi on 14 Dec 2016
i was asking for the reason being if i need ur assistance in mrng will you be there or a different executivvew
response time is slow but i gave _numeral_ star keep it up
shruthi
can you please give me information about game of thrones?
banglore to delahi 7.2.2017
second team
delete reminder
can you please help me for one thing
yes show me
on friday
Nearest hotel in bilaspur
on saturday 4th march 2017
no i want recharge my videocon d2h
kittugadu unnadu jagartha
seat availability
pl. book so that i can come and collect it.
if i take other ride can i get cashback
what is the status of the withheld match of kkr rps
kaha h
pay water bill
please check pnr status  8412566674
from zhengzhou to kolkatta
why had you booked again
ouch
am i still eligible for the offer
i will let you know
how come batting first team scored _numeral_ and winning team _numeral_
but not update in my bill
where i can use haptik cash
Hi where is the train now
when i'll get refund on debit card ?
i want some help
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 254310, user_id: 1835754, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
yes and all of you always succsess in your work
Movies on lulu
can you tell me my pnr status
75
good ee
Food near by me
you too
today at 3pm remind me to take pics of all my documents
can you find me nearby bakery
it must be an authorised centre of motorola
How much will it cost to rent a cab from my location to kolkata,???
yes every _numeral_ min
can you give continuous commentary
when is the match of india in t _numeral_ world cup
ye jio ke memeberahip offer mein rs 149 mein 2gb data pure mahine ka hain ya daily ka hain
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 692398, user_id: 1979570, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 06:30 am { reminder_list: 713643, user_id: 1697875, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
paisa detay ap pgir
other
i recived 15 percent coupon but not working in email
next match schedule
ok koi baat nhi
send school list to murshid sir
can i play a game with u
tell me presently status
bye take care too
damn delhi will lose
"please show me return flights from new delhi to mumbai 		onward date - 17 april	return date - 23 april"
3 a.m
check for surge pricing
tats it
still not reflected what are u all doing
thank you bro for giving time
hi..i need hotels bookung for 8rh and 9th of march check will be on 10th
ahmedabad to saputara
Please cancel my alarm for 3.50 am
hello are you in online
ok sure i wl
Send me sundown chef menu
Chennai to theni in bus today night
find me an atm.nearby{task}
any cruise trips available from indian ports
score of _date_ s kkr match
i want to know about ashish nehra age
have d prices dropped
when is next india match
i would like to cancel my to-do: complete the web development training. for sat, 04 march at 11:00 am { reminder_list: 573637, user_id: 1929633, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
Please arrange the seat
but how can i pay by this
how to cancel it?
kya ap hindi me help kar sakti
remember to call
2017
Please order food frm saffron restaurant
i want union bank
of ipl _numeral_
again heights
match schedule of mumbai indians
amazon cc no
I want to get up at 6AM today
Goa flight tickets for next weekend sat sun
"		i would like to cancel my call pradeep usa reminder for fri, 03 march at 08:50 pm { reminder_list: 693546, user_id: 1940107, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Show mee
yaya
gud noon
buy 1 get 1 ticket
need to fix meeting with idealcures
Hey. The food is yet to arrive
railway staion
kk thq
2709611536
pak vs india
hii how are you
ho skta h
i want a doctor but
stuff kha milega
okey
Looking for icici ATM
7:30 pm today call to kumbhar pune
can u remind  me every day
I'm looking for home delivery
i would like to cancel my reminder to 'dipesh sir j' for wed, 01 march at 06:30 am { reminder_list: 665203, user_id: 982246, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
gd morning
you first said that it will be chargeable
from vtz to hyd
how many over s left
Reliance Jio sim
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 651836, user_id: 1967588, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Can you find nearest from my location
tx
no i need to birthday cake
like players
who r leading run scorers
can you remind me everyday at 6 in the evening to go for a run and drink coffee or a glass of salt water.
stop completely
ola micro
hi do you serve kfc???
to kab book hogi or kitne date ko
can you cancel my wake up reminder please ??
again
faltu
help me to get a connection train from chennai to kollam
from where i can get it
Hello can you possible to book ticket for Pune to Thane in Pragati Express AC chair car in Tatkal
availability over within a second
okay wait for a while
thnks for ur help
you think bangalore will win _date_
puneet can you tell me the status of my train ticket
3/14/2017
I want to order food from
and their respective scores
what is status of punjab
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 06:00 am { reminder_list: 704280, user_id: 1981636, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
hey, can you help me with bob atm nearby?{task}
i need scoreboard of match _numeral_
same for you dude. keep it up. 👌
my reminders
show the final
sir muje airtel k data plans k baare mai information chahiye thi
any offer today
can u search a place where i can celebrate  wid my family members only
please show me my reminder
Nice good for free home delivery in satya niketan
and whc stadium vl play ipl final _numeral_
How much time before departure can I check in my air costa flight
one moment,
eat something starts from 10 am to 2 pm
which team will win this ipl
show timings of pink in inox liluah
i am asking to set the alarm for the whole month....i cannot set alarm everyday
Hotels in udaipur
do one thing for me
_date_ ka match kisa kiska h
i'm 6.2 feet tall how can i sleep in side upper
Any offer for recharge ?
update of afghanistan vs pakistan
Gandipat golkonda resorts
agla match kb h
wake me up at 6:30am today
10/20/2017
math krrahe
score please punert
need a cab.
nfjfkf
is seats available
i need the number of near by kirana store person
tomorrow morning patna to gaya train
hey meenakshi
ok thankx and can u tell me where is your office
Switch off this reminder fix.
no at all
hii shilpa
R search me same movie in telugu lamguage.... The movie name called inkokkadu
Chiness hut geeta colony menu
gud nyt
bms *
Okay you Can stop with the reminders. Thanks.
cooler service
i opened account
need menu of sweet bengal
please provide the remaining team name
give me live score results of india vs pakistan
hello meenakshi .
tomorrow i will book in guwahati
kya sneha
no not movie
mam..i need to ask 1 question
morning 9:40
ya and i had transferred it to bank but it has not been credited to my bank yet
thank you so much 😘
delete all open crownit task
plz remove wake up alarm for tomorrow
nearby
From muzaffarpur to delhi gareeb rath on 18th september seat availability
but what is the cost for mysore road
Food castle restaurant menu plz
same problem
Trains to shirdi from Bangalore in this upcoming week trains
the space
Kg cinemas
i need to alter it.
gandu
can you help me out with schools for kid
Sbi bank near to my location
that's it thank you shruti
i didn't get about budget
any offer for bill payment
_date_ s match is between which teams
Where is KVB bank location in nearby location
monday onwards
as of now nothing thanks for the valuable information puneet. appreciate it
only iron
are semifinalist confirm
hey.
no juz get info fr me ...tat they r issuing tickets at the stadium
house no.125
Grt.... Is there any other bus route
reply ma
can you please give running status of 12859
tel the live updates about match
who has bowled the fastest ball till now in ipl
can you if _numeral_ tickets of _numeral_ rs each for the ipl match on sunday are available
but i ll surely let you know later
latest comedy bollywood movies
*hi
contact chikne sector-7 kk
i am in residing in delhi
I need to web check in
any offers here?
i want to book tickets for final ipl vivo _numeral_
do u charge me for this?
are you a real person? or an application?
am chesthunnaru
latest movie
ipl _date_ team matches
when  does  durantho express arrives
can you please stop daily need to go to sleep task
remind me for passport today at 11pm
i want to see the trailer of logan
remind me to collect my id card from harshi
food
good night priyanke
hey harsha
i want drinks water every 1 hours
sorry i mean saturday
what is england score
which service provider have good 3g plan
i already have a booking for today
tell me the nearest idea store
will it win
_date_ which ipl match
would u remind this water intake through msg or so...without reminder calls
punjab won _numeral_ matches
please send gujrat lions match sedual
How much dominos pizza...?
pathaan sir.
Hi [user.name], leave your Diwali holiday planning on us. Get best prices for flights, trains or bus tickets and do your bookings with ease on Haptik. Book now :)
what is the score of the current match
allahabad railway junction
so if price is 250 per fare
any offer foe bill payment
i got this
हमको टिकट बुक कराना है तो कया करना पडेगा
tomorrow at 12 pm
thanx...not now
txx
kannada movies in udupi
what is u r name
can we go for a movie
remind me to tell apurva to buy macbook for me
who wonthe toss
I want Atm for Kotak mahindra bank only
I want cancel train tickets i had booked earlier with u people
gooda
anjali anjali anjaliii
do they clean n repair? there was a trip of electricity while i was traveling the inside needs to be fumigated cleaned n sterilised... can they do all this
are you sure that code has been added?
piza
Any hotel near  Rac drdo centre timarpur luckhnow road.
what is virat kohli s odi total score till _date_
you are so bad
i still haven't received my cashback
Sorry please wake me up at 8 in the morning today
Hi can you find me a ticket to Berlin from Bangalore? Dep Oct 10, Ret oct 19 one ticket
jewellers
who s ipl table top
when is the next rcb match folks
i want to know when ipl _numeral_ starting
my to do list
you there no update about the score
per head
sorry i didn't have enough balance in my account
thanks puneet.
don't say goodbye...
Ok I don't want water reminder anymore
hi,please suggest some good  hotels on jaipur
ohhh okay that will be all
any matches scheduled in kanpur up
where is nearby aircel store?
just keep on updating me with the score
but it's expensive here
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 07:35 am { reminder_list: 697875, user_id: 1931819, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
any deals on cabs
i want to cancel reminder for drinking water
stop the water reminders
5 am require can to drop airport
frm ur app?
on once u send ticket to email remind me once
Cancel my morning alram
Find me nearest bank of baroda bank
I want romantic Movies
so what should i do?
Vil u plzz book tickets
is there any lenovo laptop service centre naerby???
i saw match live on tv
purnam medicare
i want union bank of india atm
Can u tell me the nearest service centre of sony
i used code htk100 or something like tht
who is the orange cap holder up to now
hey remind me to call uncle
bus tickets
okay keep me updated with the final results
ipl match scedule
i wanna book takkal ticket
i am in mumbai and atm are showing of ahmedabad
Where I  get reliance Jio sim
bank of baroda....??
next week
cab
cool tgabks
can i book this movie
hallidi pooja
nothing pls ignore
tɧɩى app ɩŋ ɧɷw usefull
thank you for the reminders though
ipl tickts
thnq
Wake
whoz playing the finals then finally
i would like to cancel my reminder for everyday at 08:00 am { reminder_list: 639637, user_id: 1683001, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
Del
any offer avalible
any cashback on sending money to bank account or add money  (existing members) on any app
Hey,How much it will cost me to travel Dubai including all expenditure and flight tickets.
"		i would like to cancel my call wife reminder for sat, 04 march at 10:05 pm { reminder_list: 712335, user_id: 1691493, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
why showing payment failed while doing recharge and making payment from wallet money
vivegam
check me the winning percentage of todays match
bangaluru to agartala
vo to pta hai
hi malvika
Hi, I want to book tickets for PINK.
yup now i will do. thank so much
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 656818, user_id: 1057789, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
Remind me for report of ITL HEAD LAMP project from Ashok @ 10:00 am tomorrow
but not at night tym
ghrr
what is the tatkal fare of rajdhani express
548 uber go m pytm se pay krwmge to mam kitna pesa charge hoga humara 4 person ka
with overs please
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 06:00 pm { reminder_list: 694317, user_id: 1980060, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
sure 👍
wrongly press
remind me to call ppt sir on 7th march at 1pm for soft copy uss
nellore to banglore
ssup
help me in finding ekart office
i just clicked by mistake
show me more
good night rahul...,
will you gave me update of _date_ match
its live you can watch it on star sports
can i get the seat till the time
thamks
9 or 10 march
i want to know bus for delhi to dehradun
"hi 	look i wanna give a surprise lunch treat to my girlfriend. . . 	but the venue should be quiet and peaceful 	like there should be a place where two of us will get a separate place to sit and have lunch moreover i'd like to decorate the table as well"
Raipur to Delhi tomorrow flight n fair
Nearest pnb ATM
hai any cash back off to yaman movie
hey i wasn't to book bus
Sir mere mobile per drinking water reminder deactivate kare
achaa
i want to book
Go cool menu
can you get live scores
hey not that man
how much time will be required.
leading run scorer in the ipl _numeral_ please
evening only
who won between kolkata knight riders vs sunrisers hyderabad
who won gujarat or delhi
Nearby fast-food store
hello i want flight to hyderabd
Best postpaid plans vodafone
i need a digital print nearby my location
I want the information of the train about where it is going now
Distance b/w maharana partap isbt delhi and hajrat nijamuddin station
i want to know whether you book tatkal tickets??
is there any cashback
are the overs reduced for second inning
karam bhumi exp kurla se mugalsarai  kon kon se din hai
get me some contact numbers of landscape contractors
tk my location
Whats the rate of paneer dishes at jw marriot sb road
no looking for prepaid offeers
oh, still in wl
can you please share updates table
Any HDFC ATM nearby?
hey can u book tatkal ticket for me
log me out of uber
if anything i required i will message u
vtz to hyd
Hay can u plz remind me after 5 min to call anvay ..
Medical shop
but you have typed my name wrongly
game status
have d prices dropped
Dth recharge
wats the score
Please change schedule
any discounts today ?
abhi kitni waiting h
can i noe d score of _date_ s match
is there any match is running
so i can set up a reminder for anything.
so i wanted to ask you about the money i transferred back into my bank, will that get credited into my credit card? since i used credit card while booking the tickets.
cake delivery
tickets required for rcb vs gl match on may _date_
kiska kisa match h
good morning.
Nearby bike mechanic shop
miami
hey shruti .. if i want to book dinner.. is there any services of dinner
Ticket price of travels from nagpur to kolhapur
wake me at 4:45pm
would you like to go watch cricket with me xd
i want flight tickets from hyderabad to ahmedabad on date 29 june 2017
5th march
live mach _date_
when will india have their next match
a he nai chaiye
i want you to remind me everyday and not just today
jolly llb 2 keasi hai
who won the match between pak nd srilanka _date_
is there any discount or something offer going on for electricity bill payments via haptik ?
give me the score card of _date_ match
there is something wrobg
i just wanted to thank you for waking me up
Can u give also combined cost with flights
my hp printer doesn't copy or scan
hi kindly stop the reminder frequency for one hour change it to 3 hours
Train no .64211 for today
Wil u find me the nearest Andhra bank atm
Is the package ready ?
I want cab
who and all are on play offs
I want to order food from chicking
wake me up at 8:30 am on 4th march
aadha mahine ka 145 rup lgega
within how much time will it be delivered
remind me to get up to play
if any wicket down pl update
Could u pls tell me the trains from tiruvalla to trivandrum central after 10am today
hotels in vaishali delhi
please remind me
kya br
ok waiting ur message for confirmation
check for ac
i want to book tickets for logan
there??
can i tell me the running status of 12510 guahari bengaluru  express
I want to order food
Remind tomm call 11.00 am
Airtel 29 net plan
meeting g at 10
why thank you
can u showe my reminder s for tomorrow
thanx only this much for today :)
jaipur to goa
can you give me the scores of ipl final match
get details of buses from bangalore local
need more details like entry fees and other details
👌🏼
no thanks and love you
Indore to kota
Roti
what convenience fees have you waived? was it haptik's convenience fees or whose?
Also for this pnr 4121391462
in which channels the world cup will be live telecast
why it is not debited from my account
my destination is indrapuram
who is doing batting
non stop
u also take care malivik
I want to cancel indigo flight ticket
but phle ye btao ap whi h jinhone muje kl assist kia tha
hi tel me train timings from cochin to varkala for today
inox: central, jp nagar, mantri junction - 5th floor, central, 45th cross, j.p. nagar 2nd phase, ksrtc layout, 2nd phase, jp nagar, bengaluru, karnataka 560069 tap here to navigate to this location.
on 18 march
Domino's near kharar
wagholi
can we use wallet money fr cab
minimum price
booking id 1182
please add 1 more passenger
so it should be done
any dscnts ?
i'm looking for a kannada movie
"delhi to guwahati 	9 march 	return 13 march"
airtel
tell me status
listen deepti
remind me every hour not to eat... only eat fruits...
aap mujhe chittorgarh fort ki details bata sakte hai
Best arabian restaurant in bannerughatta road bangalore
Inox
haven't got reminder call for nikunj thakkar today's
paytm or ola wallet??
i want to go ahemdabad 600 kms far from here can cab come there?
why icc banned taskin ahmed
can you please tell me ipl schedule
nothing
I want to order from Adarsh Annapoorna
you ridiculous guy
Mobile repair
i'm asking about your app system
off my all remainders
2 adults and 2 kids
want to travel from pune to mumbai by car
lorry owners association petrol pump s
thankyou meenakshi
Remind me to apply for Driving License at 11.25 am today
is it safe for children to travel alone in it
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sat, 04 march at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 701616-701617-701618-701619-701620-701621-701622-701623-701624-701625-701626, user_id: 1457828, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
how is rate?
sry everyday sir
Shruti this flight will fly from domestic airport or international
thanks nalini
any cab offers?
ohh.. ok
_date_ usman khwaja is in rising pune or not ipl
everyday remind 8:00 for schoo
can you delete my reminders
stop giving me wake up alarm every  morning
tq for helping me
thanks. i got it
can you arrange tickets for this match
umm
bkc
whau is live score
In tatkal
please show me one way flights from chennai to jaipur
what yes?
thanks👍🏻
gn sd
i want rcb to win this time
tomoorw match
vizag
please wake up call
pls call me tomarrow at 12:30 for remainder
martin guptil aja match me he kya nahi
any offers???
srikantha office chartered accountants hosur contact details
can u book 2 tickets
nno
plz  send me vijayawada to miryalaguda train timings  to day
it's unable to track my address
postpaid
i am checking myself on cricbuzz thank you
lg mobile service center
Check in on 23rd sept n check on 25th sept for one person
hi, i have a meeting coming up, can you remind me?
can you find me anywhere where i can get food from
can i off my internet data in my mobile
Today shows in movie time malad
who win the yas taday match
please update me with the fixtures
hubli
Hey, can you get me the menu of freezeland??
passengers number 2 was not conform how many times take to seat are conform
ticket
Hi can you tell me the nearest restaurant
jitegi
is dere any hijab store nearby
Punjabi movies
can you give me a call
no maam it will be by run rate i suppose
Can u book an ola for me asap
no plan in this week
on all cabs using uber
i want set everyday wakeup schedule
who did england loose to this world t _numeral_
why is rising pune supergaints underlined
Nearby McDonald's?
please do a search again
Is there any bus service from guntur to hanuman junction
I want sleeper bus
i need to make my broadband payment
relaxing
i m ready
train ticket from bijaynagar to mumbai on 7th march.
bank me
can you give me scorecard of match _numeral_
don't remind me again
wats d latest score
ntng thnk you🙏🏼
the way you want to
get
at 8:30 pm
train no. 55517 madhubani kitne bje pahuchegi
Mere nearest PVR cinema btana
i have to remove my medice reminder
no leave it
If I didn't attend your call, keep try to my number until I attend the call.
Ho services center near by me
which team s are playing final
bie
Indian Bank ATM
i don't want train
I want to rechrge a net pack
last match score card of kkr and srh
no msg from uber
onward date - 13 april
hdfc atm ka location  dijiye
i need some information about any train from siliguri to kolkata
8
thanks for the assistance
rcb scheduled
send me all the updates about ipl
what location u had sent me ?
sir i cannot get my payment on haptik
Hey, I'm looking for a honeymoon trip to singapore Bali and cruise on October 3rd. Can you suggest non-touristy things and places that can be covered?
i want to cancel my tickets
plz give me the the movie list of morning show at jaya cinema hall at barasat
no no i hv already booked my flight
book a ola cab from my current location to yeswantpur railway station
tell me the nearest branch of standard chartered bank near paschim vihar
any offer?
have a great day
is der any train to secunderabad tomorrow
very far from my place
means
hw could
yeehh
send me some coupons on bms
Can i get the menu of das palace chakala
live scor
please check for return ticket on 11.03.17
for dth
nice experience
can please help me out vid taxi from
travel dates
and a lots thank you to lion man virat kohli
i checked vodafone plan and got to know 96 recharge was for data
stop the reminder
hey kkr won
srh vs kkr who will win
2948
wi or si
not as of now. thank you
remind me to recharge ajji phone
new hindi movies
is this site cardable :p
gl vs rps full scorescard
Is there s any setc bus from madurai to royakotta
in machiliatnam
i need good discount
I booked the hotel. Thank you.
I was planning to book 2 tickets for 30th September 2016, evening or night. For Rishikesh.
Near atm
how much km from here to bangalore
how much rate from here to mgm for ola cab
Train ticket hyderabad to gaya 28th oct/29th oct
velcro net
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 01:00 pm { reminder_list: 694666, user_id: 1980201, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
remind me tom aat 8 o clock mrng
can you make a reminder call to other mobile number from me ?
cricbuzz
want to know about its menu card
is there any concession for american express credit cards ?
i need tiffin service
may i know about the balls left for mumbai indians
Near by royal enfield showroom
"please show me return flights from hyderabad to goa 		onward date - 22 march	return date - 28 march"
15 min once
fir hu gi
Please book volvo for 3 of us today evening
remind me a payment to power renewal on 23rd march 2017
hi when is the next match in eden gardens kolkata
in bandra linking road
i want to add reminder
no pizza...
i'm asking u for the movie names.
can you tell me a score board
just a min
near my home
plz cancel this
please tell me in text about match
not nw
last thrysday
chennai to howrah
check what?
i want hindi and english articles
in gandhinagar, any theater are available for this movie?
lets. see
send me _date_ match details
dnt wake up me at 6
please let know lion movie around me
yes.
Running train status of saktipunj express
why are u taking cash as payment method
check this coupon code mob20
who is winner of orange cap
i'm still waiting for the cashback
We have booked two types of tickets one is from khanna to nanded and 2 nd is return ticket. Could you pls provide the status for both???
hebbuli theater's
Split
i didn't understand
what are the scores
private teacher running theatre near secundarabad
where i will get cash back
What are the new English movies released in this week
is there any office of haptik in pune
Nearest SBI ATM
thanks a lot for good service
very great men
can you help me find atm near mahabalipuram
i want to know any travels who take us for a week by train
can i home service
heard there s rain scare over _date_ s match
how much cost of at morning shiw
thankyou so mch atit
ok will go on.monday
screenshot
I m talking  about pune rajdhani we will go from there
Delhi to mainpuri ac buss
i wnt state bank of india atm
book my ticket at jadcherla theater
o thank you very much for you are reminding me my task
😀
Set the same for  1.32 pm
i want to book from jaipur to mumbai. then mumbai to jaipur.
i'm asking u the name
"		i want to know availability and fare in ac 2 tier (2a) in train number 22903{product_id:22903_bdts_gimb,api_name:trains_api}"
atlest pin code
I have upcoming flights to Chennai and then Bangkok. Can you keep me posted on any delays
tatkal booking is possible
Videocon mobile service center for Videocon A23f battery
expect on sundays
Hi i want to book train tickets
nd ca no. is 10125994
can you help me with that?
very gud morning
got booked
the cashback fr my morning ride
bangalore to delhi
how can i switch off the reminders?
in morning
bhubaneswar
sir gorakhdham ka kya status hi
room is shaddy i did not like it
in 3 adults there are two childs
where is mohiy
ajj kiska match hai
we are done. thanks
thaanku
no thanks..
"hi mithun, we tried our best but we regret to let you know that all our professionals are busy and we won?t be able to serve you.  please give us another chance and try again later.	-urbanclap"
how to check pnr status
i had applied it
overs kitne hotte hain
thanks for ur information
Hey there I need help in train tickets
can i know sore
n which bus goes from ghatkoper to andheri jb nagar ????
theatre near by
any response?
movies at cross river mall cinepolis shahdra
you said the service is down
next match in mumbai
I'm balvinder rana give you Rajasthan tour package yha himachal tour package my tourist cars New Delhi india
no comments
I want to order from Sam's Momos.{product_id:1401502,product_name:Sam's Momos,api_id:,api_name:zomato}{carousel_cta}
not interested
i want to alter my task 2
cash back applicable?
can u please remind me this on a regular basis?
i want the new points table
any icici atm
want someone for ac servicing
ground name nd city
what s the scorecard
hey good morning.
sure, good night....
mumbai to imphal, 3 tickets, one way, travel date - apr 21, 2017
take me to the top run scorers chart
Is there any discount packages
is there any train which runs late night?
Not yet rec'd pizza
royal enfield service center near my location
remind me to pay my bills at 3pm today
medical store
i want to reserve a table
detailed score please
bahubali 2 realise date?
voice reminder
Recommend me a non oyo property
kokulnath ji mandir maninagar
how much fare
can you find me a hotel for staying in esplanade area
park square mall
Is there any Asus service center nearby
How many kilomiter is mumbai from kolkata
Money transfer
some more people are coming  so i can not going to jaipur
actually i don't want this for now
offers on bill pay.
web checkin
Pet shop near me
how many mbps of wireless router is required for a three Storey house??
east
jaldi
please book a cab
ok thank you very much!
ok bs ladki ka or jugad krdo
yes i dint get 75 for last cab ride
i m not sure
Sorry Goa to Bhopal
howrah  to pnbe
any hdfc atm?
any chance of pune in final round
i want to stop reminder of water
it is saying wow momo does not deliver to my address
12403
menu of made in punjab... dfl mall noida
hope there is a reminder already for medicine
offer for movie tickets
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 723653, user_id: 1783631, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
its written any online transaction
To Hyper city mall
maanch khaabo
_date_ who won the match _time_ clock
how to do payment ?
pl cancel the tickets for goa which r on waiting list
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 06:30 am { reminder_list: 718681, user_id: 1182332, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Can u book a table for 5 at the Nanking Paradise
it's too expensive
i dont need any ifo about flight
i am feeling bored... do u have any remedy for this?
recharge is successful
Could u set it for 9 in the mrng..??
jodhpur to delhi
pooja
i am not able to get notification
can you call
i m not in mumbai
i am out so _cab_ you please keep telling me the score
thanks malvika.
can you set a reminder for 11:55
tha ks a ton
what's that
in the morning pl
Which places does this cruise go
mohit
pls cancel both the medicine reminders
any closer?
how you think about tomorrows match
send me some more locations
i think _date_ rcb will win the match
virat kohlis score in todays match
electricity company also charge me late payment charges
Shut down the alarms please
results of todays match
offers on logan movie
i wanted to know the timing of logan in all the other theatres
no thks
tell me scores
"need idea distrubuter contact no's..	all over karnataka...	kindly help.."
can let me know showtime for metro ebony
just answer to my question
can i get vrl mangalore parcel booking ofc number
which team is win
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for mon, 06 march at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 725905-725906-725907-725908-725909-725910-725911-725912-725913-725914-725915-725916-725917-725918-725919-725920-725921-725922-725923-725924-725925, user_id: 1961439, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
wake me up at 6
i need services of a maid for my apartment.
can you send me the updates
Hi..this week release of Hollywood movies
breakfast places u can suggest in koramangala
gl gardens nalgonda
last match of kolkata
jaipur picturehall
how to go ujjain from ludhiana
cashback will be available?
"8256727956	8412545015	. 	plz keep me updated with above पर status"
ye jio ke memeberahip offer mein rs 149 mein 2gb data pure mahine ka hain ya daily ka hain
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sat, 04 march at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 694386-694387-694388-694389-694390-694391-694392-694393-694394-694395-694396, user_id: 1969920, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
any good places that you recommend ?
i want to delete a task
who s match i s _date_
don't do that thing
reminde me at mrng 10:15 to read
if seat is avilable
12/30/1899
please tell the range, i mean least one and highest one
which match is next
2moro
purple cap
sorry to disturb you continue what you was doing
who has the highest runs this ipl till now
Book huma
sorry not looking for a cab right now
remind me if there is free offer
last two overs how many runs were scored
same one which u booked last
Flight ticket for 25 th September Bhopal
why ticket is required
How to go andman from delhi
Nearby photo studio
who s india playing with in semi
any offers for me??
rating above 4 pls
Daily reminder 10am office time except sunday
today 6 am wake me pls
tirunlveli
Breakfast
theobroma
latest ipl points table
u nly book 2 tickets.. n send link fr payment directly
logan review please.
i want to know that rs10 31 is sleeper or chair
im not asking for webcheckin
tqs sneha
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 07:30 am { reminder_list: 727895, user_id: 1891170, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
gazalee at vile parle east for 2 people at 1.15 pm today
how many runs did did virat and ab add
there is a chepar ticket available in cheap ticket
bbyez gudnt.
mtnl ?
spencer
any other number?
yaar mujhe ranchi jana hain
discount code
book them
remind me after 30 minute
drink water reminder
you should see it what a match anyway you r perfectly sending the score card at right time
what is the road route to coimbatore to goa
can you please tell me when is semifinal
What is the price of Gujarati Thali in Puranmal Restaurant Vile Parle West?
but it's not available
zakaria st
show me flights for pune to chandigarh
yeh whats the score
ye address
Can u get me the timing of departure of s4 bus from parnasree
Find me some options for train from Howrah to Bhubaneshwar for 18 th September 2016
yes i going to book
gurugram,lesiure valley ground
kukatpally
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 04:20 am { reminder_list: 714914, user_id: 1393992, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
next match i dont know the date
will gujarat lions win this ipl _numeral_
tell me best shop near dadar
vikas score please
can you please give me cashback coupon for recharge
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 690961, user_id: 1979110, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
return date - 05 april
atmaku
i want to know trains available from rourkela to dhanbad
katra tirkuta bawan
i want to go railway station
hi thank you i don't need recommendations but just seeing the options available in app
tqqqq soo much dear
if i cancel a flight ticket how much money will i be refunded
mujhe tatasky ka recharch karna tha
Pasta salad and french fries
now current score
no its not ready
kya  aap btayege kal shaam ko sm5multiplx me ya  inox  me konsi malyalam movie hai. kalyan ka
Find me cheapest flight between Delhi to Lucknow(return) from 28th October evening to 1st November evening
remind to eat food
Want to book tatkal ticket for 7th oct
kashish international
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for thu, 30 march at 07:39 pm { reminder_list: 683203, user_id: 1689770, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Sully movie shows at Thane
ac fitting only
inform me when available
canteen
i am asking about the earlier recharge i did?
delhi station not showing
no option
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 690321, user_id: 1977803, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
sry brothers don't book the this ticket
alright thanks..
hi. want to book cab
i want to book a cab after some time
got mixed reviews for naturals so thinking to use your expertise
dont book date not fixed
nearst vodafone store
Mumbai to Jaipur
hi can we prepone the booking to 8:30
listen na
5th mrch i have no train no sir
plz check show time punjabi movie  tiger maal Ludhiana silver arc pvr
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 03:00 pm { reminder_list: 246106, user_id: 1587683, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Can you ask hotel cabbana for unmarried couple
actually i want tow truck
hey! change my birthday reminder from 9th march to 8th march
wake up me at 6.20 a.m
I want 2 resavison sit of ac 3 tyer ticket its urgent for 7th sep, blr to guwahati, in suvidha exp
u wabt ifders d
Hi could you pls check price now for evening flights
already booking done
Find me a restaurant in west patel nagar who can deliver food order under Rs 100
any offers??
thaxx
jamshedpur jharkhand
i would like to start the reminder again
cab for oneway to drop at delhi airport
just thanks for your smile
hi david, i wanted to order some food from kfc. since neither restaurants deliver to my area green park how can i get some home delivered?
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 692959, user_id: 1979730, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
wat was rcb score at the end of ten overa
u to
who will win _date_ s match between hyderabad and mumbai
suggest me some good bengali restaurants near egmore area
corporation bank
remind for water in each hour by calling
i need coupon code for discount
i want to reserve table.
Please keep calling until I wake up
any schemes on bill payments?
would you wake me up every morning
s3 / 16 means
how much km for wonderla from bangalore
latest one please
kkkk
I want restaurant for dinner parcel
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 59812{product_id:59812_nmh_rtm,api_name:trains_api}"
points from all group please
i dint rcv d balnce yet
from today onwards
no don't cancel it
pls let me know distance
hey can u assist me with some job related portals in delhi
hi gairav how r you
Reminder for talking with KPS on design of joint pit
Plumber for home service
has india won
you r nt gud so
"please show me one way flights from new delhi to hyderabad 		onward date - 10 march"
for mobile recgarge
requesting
reminder for call
Need a cash deposit machine of sbi bank
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 08:50 pm { reminder_list: 713146, user_id: 1981909, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Want hotel in Mumbai
please delete the reminder now
_date_ match ticket
5149
thank you shruti. have a good day.
do u also rate movie
take documents of mariya to ahmedabad
jet airways
but i have not got my 50 cash back but the person who referred me got 50
my cab offer is over now ?
please search for my request
yes ngive me updates
I cant see the option of pre booking in uber
wen does ipl start
4208
Rajasthan ki airtel ki sim me talk time loan kese lete h ?
upcoming match scheduled
10.30 in carnival
cancel the reminders
i need appointment with doctor manish 5.30pm today  please remind me 5pm today
And set reminder in alarm school chale hum
could you provide me the schedule of home games for kkr matches ipl i mean
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 08:45 am { reminder_list: 538594, user_id: 1902896, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Hey, can you find me the nearest hospital?{task}
I would like to know from bangalore to mum
okk thanks..
gud mrg
I want to know HTC desire service center in Vadodara
give me the live updates
Puja special train between nfk to njp
Birthday reminder should be in text. Don't call
where is todays match playing
wait please
which team has purchase hasim amla
Set it for all weekdays
hey what the current score p
cancel booking
mai so nahi sakta
Hyderabad to parbhani Jana hai raat ki koi train dekho reservation k liye
ohh my favorite team is at _numeral_
donyou have bus tickets?
sexy
wen next match of rcb
snow city
Coach number?
same day
Want to book a train
mysuru
Hi can u web check in for me
what else do you need?
can i know who is batting
shruti please cancel this reminder for medicines. i want to start a new one
Will u give me oders for butter chicken masala
tomorrow morning
ok hurry
Deprture time of train number 12622
hi... didn't receive 200 cashback on pest control services done on sunday
My car is broken down
Can you remind me tomorrow at 9 am for my doctors appointment
can u plz find the orphanage home near my house
hi pranay are there any offers for movies?
Patti reminder on 7.15 pm
k8925j-pnr
ok thank
give me the update of last over every ball
Mumbai to Bangalore flight 30 oct n return 5 November
give me full scoreboard
Ndls to Ald
Cash deposit machine of sbi around vastrapur ahmedabad
hi rishi
call pinky on 4/3/2017 at 5.52 am
tell my friend to download haptik
how does this app work
okay! thanks.
And remind me to teach my student at vijay nagar in morning 10 am
wake me up at 07:00am today
which movie are available
bill payment of my data card?
bhubhaneshwar
tell me of gandhi nagar
yes sree ramulu on sunday 6:15
Latest Hollywood movie
next match witch team _date_
need electrician for cooler repair
Dominos pizza
yesterday my washing machine damaged
what are the upcoming matches
no problem i will do it later
nearest pnb atm
kindly get me _date_ score of virat kholi in ipl
thank you! dear...
sector2, steelplant
yo darling
so it's waste for me
i want estimation
Can tatkal tickets be cancelled?
thank you and good morning{task}
jana hai
where do i watch the india vs west indies match
any dth recharge offer?
what about the baggage
hello sakshi
set an alarm for me
no idea. can u list out of tamil movies .
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 684854, user_id: 1977818, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Can u get me a flight ticket within price limit of 3-4k on 23rd of this month?
get me the current status of the match
1140934819
Departure City: Chidambaram
Tell me about some good and cheap restaurant for couples in lolkata lake gardem area
Can u check in juhu pvr which all movies are playing this Wednesday
they have booked
2nd
I want to add a reminder
to call somewone
is this updated table
Okay i would also book the return journey
Plz tell me distance between dehradun to delhi
Xolo service center
cancel water reminder for now thanks
i want to see movie logan
"your price is more . 	any way get me chennai to ahmedabad ."
i want to order a pizza
so which team do you think will win this season
thanks a lot....
ask for destination
show me flights for 10th mar.{278308}
don't mind pls
socre kya ho gya
i wanted to book
can you book a tatkal
sweet shop
yup thanks
hey is this a machine or human
I don't want a reminder
Is sully still running in theatres ?
Find me flights or any sort of air service from Mumbai to Nashik
hello deepti
can u irder pizza?
Looking for a AC service
yeah, i have recharged to incorrectly to different number
out of this which is the best beach.. sorry for asking too many questions, as i'm visiting for first time, i wanted to go to the best place..
i wanted to know the train timings from hour to bangalore
Sir pls give me a detail fo bombay to surat train  after 4 pm today
book staals
"please show me one way flights from patna to ranchi 		onward date - 10 march"
ok bye
sorry for the late ... can u make a oder to one ckhn bucket
Can you please turn off this alarm
how to activate jio prime
tell me the normal avg of pulsar 180
Tell me any nearby 1 bhk rooms on rent
Can you remind me to take my medicine on 7pm today?
plumber
thanku sooo much shilpa
no thanks 🙂
can you tell me train running status
i 💓u
10.o.clock
so can u book a car for it
i mean cb offers
City buses from secunderabad to abids
sandeep, i am unable to find information regarding the suvidha express or holiday express. mumbai  to varanasi
remind me to drink water
hey sneha
let u know later
3a
12321
need a flight from kolkatta to bangaloe
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for fri, 03 march at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 693975-693976-693977, user_id: 1930915, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Can we get discount for flight booking on 24
Call me twice..!
Flight tiket
and he has just seen the work what has to be done and consulted for what has to be repair
hey remind me at 3 meeting with sps hospital
not 4
i don't have to pay extra
why no reminder for water
9950365621 pr karna tha or 9950365612 par ho giya he sir
and also i need ktm showroom
kkr will rule out i think
okay send me match schedule
plz provide me a new code
can u help
top batsman nd top baller
some important work within 3 month
Want 2 book hotel room in coorg
blr to trv
Can you tell me latest paytm or free charge code to recharge prepaid number
can you tell me the name of top player of ipl _numeral_
any cab offers
stop drinking water reminders
thank-you great remainder to do
find me nearest stationery shop
Near any restaurant
yo bro
can u let me know what other options are available
dont send reminders between 8 am and 7 pm
name?
okey thank you{task}
i want the place of navi mumbai in mumbai city
no . i can able to wake up. thanks
ok could you please let me know what will be the per ticket charge..???
get me the boarding pass
"please show me one way flights from new delhi to mumbai 		onward date - 11 march"
bye take care
debit card pin means ?
user
reminder to post on facebook.
great. thanks for you ping.
kis tarike se
what next
which is best for online food delivery
Pls suggest me ICICI Bank ATM
pls. setup ringtone for reminding
For evening shows
Where are my reminders ??
time not fixed
i didn't got any information about cancellation of my ticket on 5th march
gift shop
hey can you please tell me the score
i want to remove this reminder
movie ticket discount avelible?
total number of runs virat kolhi score in this ipl
r system based
they are not replying
i don't want apollo
m nt getting my refund yet
can you please send score in text image takes time to load
according to ola's policy...if i book a ride i get an otp which i have to tell to the driver
good.
kya kohi offer ha aap ke app me recharge ka
pls reply
hi. i have taken an uber ride yesterday but i didn't receive the cashback.
Any Uco bank branch near to me?
okay sure..
d places in d link are a bit far from the hotel
fine good
can you say me,any sports shop nearby?
gym for ladies
to hubli next saturday
Santhoshi  nersing room
my pnr
give me tdays score
wrongle cancelled
Reliance jio sim card
hyd inn schedule
Yeah I want a data recharge
near my location
Local train near imax
aapne jo kal mujhe evok ka no diya tha wnha mujhe bed ni mil payega wo bol rhe h unka kitchen ki samne avalable h
anyother showtimes
any electricity bill payment offer
What are the rates in grand cinema hall
hotel visamo
Puneet could you please set up a reminder for tuesday 7.00am and 9.00am
i need help from you
over of gujrat lion
your services close after 6pm.
wer is the train right now ??
do u guys provide maid services?
Pls remind me of my kids computer test is scheduled on 30th sept
who is win ipl
md jameel
Can u give me the cheapest flight tickets to goa
any update??
for postpaid
59721 today status
how are you mam good evening
what are my pending lists
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 03:30 am { reminder_list: 656889, user_id: 1964639, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
march 7 th pay hdfc time 13:00pm
ke star microwave over repair
remained me to call for guru prasad at 3clock
hi neha
Find two tickets for Chandigarh dubai Chandigarh on 2nnd November and return 11th November
I want to know the train timings from bangalore to mysore now
yeah now am in bangalore and my hometown is mangalore so what address proof i have to give them ???
call back if i don't pick up or wake up
Veg kolhapuri
naresh
want to know the ipl points table
Call me in 10 minutes
not now shruthi ll let u know..gn tc
i also want to the matches of pune played in pune i want to see it live
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for thu, 02 march at 09:00 am { reminder_list: 678489, user_id: 1154684, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
wake up call at 6 am
i am eligible for the 75 cash back offer?
Telugu movies plees
No I don't have any specific time preference but I would like to know flights availability and their fares from Jaipur to hyderabad
restaurants which serve hukkah
Suggested plan:Freedom Pack- 500 MB 3G Data. It is available for Rs.169 with 28 validity. You will get Rs.0.0 talktime.
right, thanks
chinese foos
i want it
thanks a lot 😊
when my money will be refunded guyss
give a photo of world fastest bike
is any train to jaipur
Majnu in Satyam theatre
please find the details of the passenger
vortex south
ok my loaction is guwahati assam and i live in betola chariali near mansa mandir pilingkata road pin code 781029
shankaramatham road to gajuwaka. cab minimum price
malayalam
"which theatre is 	playing the movie lion in mangalore?"
Hello I want a cheap hotel just to stay for a day
good wine shop where i can get single malts and good wine
goo to ahmedabad
Want to order Chinese food from Mordern China kitchen
help me with show timings from doddenakundi area bangalore
i am asking up to when this offer?
hey renuka
what is the match status
"		i want to know availability and fare in second sitting (2s) in train number 16053{product_id:16053_mas_tpty,api_name:trains_api}"
can you wake me up after 5 minutes
20 October ki tickets chaye tickets price
can you give me the info of all the matches which will take place in hyderabad
sorry... i'm new here. i was just testing the app
in every  60 min
Need train tickets from delhi to haldwani
hii komal
i can't understand why is it cancelled
early morning
give me some details for rajadhani express from mumbai to delhi on 16th june
show me all my reminders
Need to order food
i wanna watch ghazi attack movie
phoenix mall in vellacherry
can you help me to find out a genuine immigration consultant in mohali/chandigarh?
please this consignment delivered or not
i want to hire a cab from sector14 ,faridabad to delhi airport
movies nearly
is kkr in semi final
any
where shall i call?
to aaplog 24×7 yaha hlp ke liye hi
i need a flight ticket chenni to vijwada 8 r 9 2 tickets low price
its 12 am
which ipl match is _date_
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 659552, user_id: 1970256, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
Akira show timings in infinity malad
thanks for the reminder
r u human being?
Does saurastra express train stops at bharuch station?
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 658254, user_id: 1969817, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
Pls remove this reminder
:(
"		i would like to cancel my to-do reminder for everyday at 08:00 am { reminder_list: 510754, user_id: 1758429, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
yeaaiiee everytime i wish to watch india batting last
Review?
no thnx just wanted to check the prices
check tickets in palazo (forum mall)
is it a quarter final match
is this offer available on simply veg ?
pune to silchar flight tickets 22 january 2017
then what
i can do you help to me
rcb is qualified
ya that's true
send me dates of india s match in t _numeral_
i want only tamil movies
can you give me full score
send score board
is there any offer in postpaid bill?
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 7:00 am to 10:00 pm. { reminder_list: 695191, user_id: 888337, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
2 adult 1 infant
Trains from Vijayawada to Coimbatore
bhai sitare gardish me he
activate DND?
change my payment method to paytm
sorry i was trying to understand the app
vil plan out bye
ma am can you please tell me the venue where kolkata knight riders will play their last match in the group league
Sbi plz ..
hindi dubbed
are u guys real human being or computer
qualifier _numeral_ is also over
So can u make tatkal ticket for sure
which is active
i would like to cancel my call remind me to call advocate tomorrow at 9.30am reminder for sat, 04 march at 09:25 am { reminder_list: 693234, user_id: 1160580, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for fri, 03 march at 07:00 am { reminder_list: 687875, user_id: 1967712, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
to book cottages  in ooty
Can you tell me about  cyber cafe near cello trump building
if yes
plzzz send in email also
i asked for flight
can u help me with courier pickups
thanxxxxx mam
some other
score pps
please can you tell me nearby hdfc bank from baldwin girls school
10 am ?
who will win _date_ s match nsouth afrika vs afganistan
restaurant pls
iphone stores..
hey  why didnt u wake me today
okay.
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 680663, user_id: 1972356, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
download this movie
No call, just notification
"		i would like to cancel my call diwakar cv reminder for fri, 03 march at 07:00 pm { reminder_list: 691613, user_id: 1320171, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
where do i get good shawarma here?
pakistan ll win
did it reach
book a ride
Reliance gsm...rate cutter...
near by western union
has flight landed ?{task}
i want to recharge my dth.{task}
and other options?
i want to pay my phone bill
okk.
hello not atm
okay, thanks for info, i wil book later
like
set an wake up call
today at 3:00 pm
food?
can u tell me after aluva station which is next
time: 8 25 p.m.
fatty lever tablet
"plz set 3 wake up call 1) 6 10 2)6 15 3)6 25	for today"
can you suggest restaurants for main course non veg?
i need to know if i will get the cash back discount again if i book this ticket.
reserve a table
low reat
pump h
distance between my location to no. 195 to 284 & 384, adityapur-saraikela road, baliguma, kolabira, sini, saraikela, jharkhand - 833220
beauty and the beast india release date
watdu
ds prce is too high
is anybody der
international
hello mam
are you human or artificial intelligence
morning 9 am
public library near chikkalasandra
day: everyday
Switch off all alarms this week
hi can you book a ticket for me nnext rcb match in bangalore
rajasthan
i need a hotel in kolkata
rc4trj pnr number flight from blr to delhi
pushp vihar sce 4 nera
kachiguda to kurnool town
This is the only train with 3A seat available, let me know if you would prefer this train.
semifinals teams
can whiskey be delivered to my home tomorrow morning?
i just need the official customer care number
help me finding motorola service centre in ahmednagar..?
can you arrange the tickets also
remind me to have coffee at 3:00 pm today on 9049961794
mexican aparatha
thank you.. i have already booked the tickets..
starter
ok book it
can i get the deals on body spa
let me know is there any telugu movies
give reminder for alram afte4 1 houe
the date
mujhe haptik me job krni hai to meri salery kitni rhegi
han jo match kl hua tha _numeral_ april ko
4/18/2017
not avaliable
Want to book a cab shayad
Want to book tickets by air
"		i would like to cancel my call saif faridy reminder for fri, 03 march at 05:00 am { reminder_list: 687619, user_id: 1952967, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
ipl match result
without fail
i would like to book hotel in mount abu
what is india s point now
will u plz check tatkal availability from cst to jalgaon
"call varma ji sab miller	date 6/3/17	evening 5  o clock"
can u plz help me
can i get d cheapest deals
Hotels for Unmarried couple
hi can i get ipl match schedule
today also i face the same issue
tqq
can u show for enjoying places around kanchipuram
no thanks later pls
i already send you details
Hi I am getting call reminders
I want to go aquatic on Wednesday ...will You Please tell me the ticket prise...
skin specialist doctor
hey there is axix bank atm
date : 14 april
and uberpool?
i want tickets for india pakistan match on _numeral_ march at eden gardens
please check mela expres train bhiwani to ringus
and which match is going on
do you know where i can rent oyo cabs in kolkatta
oh thanks
ipl over
parbhani to nanded dt. 3-3-2017
in first class pls book
is anyone there
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 653719, user_id: 1677497, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want to cancel my reminder call
Remind me to send message
when will i be getting the response
ohkies...thank you so much
one more remnder
only india team
is this applicable to me??
Can you give a budget of taj exotica and W resort of Goa? For two double sharing room? 2nd November to 6 November
is there rcb match _date_
that s why i m not gtng e ticket
i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 16311{product_id:16311_st_pnvl,api_name:trains_api}
when are the matches at mumbai
can i get tickets for the semi finals
"dashpreet task complete 	thanks"
i want to turn off this drinking water reminder
Can you Show me the timings of Volvo bus on 14th of September from delhi to dehradun?
i want to pay my airtel bill
show me current trip on cleartrip
next due date is 15th of march 2017
but when i scroll the plans in ur sheet..it's not there
voler promo code
i can not see any money in my wallet
How to go porashavakam from  this  place
telange height 403 moriwali b cebin road ambernath e
can i get ticket for it
ajinkya rahane ipl me kis team me hai
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 08:30 am { reminder_list: 688673, user_id: 1978587, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
or only within the city ?
do u kno any computerised cloth coloring centre in koramangala
same 1 u
hotels in mysore
sumit please tell me the shows of johnny llb movies in mangalore
I booked flight
plz dont book my cab
at 630 continuously until i wake up
box office collection kitna hai
saloon?
I want to order dinner for 3 person
what is the payment method closed?
commando 2 for tommorow.
Due to late I hv booked another Hotel Taj vivanta
kolkata night rider team members can you tell
Sikar to nawalgarh train timing
i want to cancel mu
show trailer of fast and furious 8
want to cancel my wake up call
pizza shop
todays match tymngs
any offer.?
in sant nagar burari delhi 110084
7:30 chetan today am
schedule of t _numeral_ matches please
could you please find me hdfc bank nearest to my location
i am 25 kms away from tirupathi
reshama
nearby gym
offer train 250
Please cancell the latest medicine reminder as i've taken the medicine
can i get the screenshot of ur screen which states that the payment has been received?
any coupon for dth recharge
you
and what prizes has been received by bhubaneswar kumar
any offers to book bus
hi suraj i don't want to talk to you i want to talk to malvika
i need know _date_ s match
i am looking dine at oberoi mall goregoan
"my pickup is- 		ambedkar nagar	4th cross road	hill side layout, ambedkar nagar, whitefield	bengaluru, karnataka 560066	india"
useless
would yu plz provide me tge address of nearest htc service center?
tuesday
salon
Stop calling me
12/30/1899
27 ko msg aaya tha 7 days aur rahega
please remove all reminder
sa vs afg who won
read it again
to lingampally
thanks:)
hi meenakshi, wht is the cost range?
whats the update
_date_ _time_ kar kar match
where is my coopan number
there are no discounts here
sure mate
will wait as the last date to pay is by 14th of this month
cammonfo 2
i want to replace mixer grinder - jar only of philips
can i get a taxi for bareilly for two days
Nearest honda showroom
hello, can you search for me the hotels who provide late night buffet
gubtorodu review
how much time it will take??
what is the match result of rcb vs gl
let me know the updates of _date_ innings please
can you please update the score ind vs pak
when the kkr match is fixed
jorabagan
please remaining today 3pm revived tapal
bye
and score also
wake me up today at 6:10 am
jodhpur to hubali
can you please tell me tickets price
nice to talk to you...
last night match was awsm
cancel my medicine reminder please
usa
can i know the transport to leh, ladakh from Hyderabad
i have to go out at 11:35 pm today can u remaind me on call
msy b
yupp
tell the stats table
okk thnks bha
not hotel sorry
i want to buy oriflame products
thanx a lot
please updates of _date_ s match
details
i want to display a bridge in pandey remind me
reminder to click photo at 4
How to know my number for airtel sim
gujarat vs pune
Icici ATM
no worries i will get it done...
multi cuisine restaurants in lower parel for businesses meeting
can you suggest some restaurants near by bandra station west
Wake up me
Reminder for birthday
Hi could you tell me the schedule of the same train
pak n india s batting line-up
Any food place for disc near by
i would like to cancel my to-do: centrifuge aims for everyday at 01:00 pm { reminder_list: 479451, user_id: 1896611, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
popular hospital gopiganj
no, thanks for the effort
Please help me in finding lenovo service center near ameerpet
Please remind me tomorrow morning at 8.15am that I have to take chart along with me.
"		i would like to cancel my `wish pavani happy birthday!` reminder for mon, 10 july at 06:05 am { reminder_list: 664456, user_id: 1971335, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
yes. but we have a park near thodupuzha. just try to find it
is there any vodafone internet offer in postpaid
Cubic mall show timing
Hey I am really hungry and I want to eat something for breakfast.. can I have some options?
hi yaru
of course i would love to get live scores and other updates as
Nearest Hospital
wake me up at 6 am.
hyy
I want large pizza
ok thank you so much
telugu movie
Table fan repair
Change my wake up alarm to 10:30 am just for today. I don't want any call at usually timing today
Sorry.. Could u recharge 1 gb for 9845777007
ghazi attack
royal challengers players score
_date_ with whom nd
pune to jalgaon
can i no wt r da offers in kfc on next wednesday??
ipl scheldule full
i want the matches which are held in bangalore
hi deepesh
pls read the question
dude i meant nlast t _numeral_ wc match
please update me soom
i want to book train from hyderabad to ajmer for 22march
of sunrisers
Can you get me promo code of goibibo on flight
"		i want to know availability and fare in ac 3 tier (3a) in train number 12925{product_id:12925_bdts_kun,api_name:trains_api}"
How far from Howrah railway station to shree shyam guest house
right now i get reminders for drinking water every hour
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 711115, user_id: 1868857, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i am getting bore what to do
recharge successful?
today offer on recharge
just remind me tommo evening have to pay5200
can you please help me with the fare from paris to lourdes at the same time
cancel the plan
arrakonam
i wanted you to a web check-in for a friend of mine
can u arrange for bouquet
k...thax
send me the points table of this year ipl
Hi. Can you please check prices of Vistara flights from Delhi to Port Blair?
phoenix pune
il☺
can u please schedule the same for daily
Hi can you please find any nearby hdb bank to me?
mcb.kiya.hota.hai
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 727893, user_id: 1656706, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Any full sleeper
???
arijit singh ka show hai
the updated one after delhi won _date_
My everyday reminder has been cancelled somehow :(
ibo atm
pls let me know if u don't see any cab
hehehe
is anuthng possible for last rech
Oppam film in carnival theatre
will send u later
Can u tell me the cost detail of trip of delhi to leh for two person on jun upcoming we need cheap trip coz we r student
others
is this aplicable in banglore
I want Maharashtra gramin banks atm
general physician
maximum six list
"hi	can you help me with full talk time plan for vodafone maharashtra (except mumbai) under 500 rs"
hey...i'm extremely sorry for that.
aurangabad to nanded train available ??
Flight details from Dubai to chennai
need to go from borivali railway station to terminal 1b in mumbai
U forgot my water reminders today
22nd march
General doctor in rishra
Nearby suzuki motorcycle dealer
i want hotels near upsc building
hii aman
no we cancelled our plan to go out thanks for the help
set reminder for 7 am today
Pls stop water remainder
srirangam koil open time
i have taken
call me at 5:40am for mrng namaaz...
after selecting account n confirming the payment.. session gets expired everytime
bramh putra mail del to mxr
theater play today in mumbai
What was the price of sleeper class of train no 12317 from Kolkata to Lucknow
electrical stores in my area are closed on monday. will he be able to arrange the necessary electrical parts by himself?
in an minute, i can half boil maggi,,, fast
oke so how to book from your app and where i will get the cash back
looking for a driver out station
mr varis todays match about to play at dharamsala
i want to order food
Marathi movie photo copy timings at hinjewadi espuare
i want status of this pnr number
hotel?
when will i get my 75rs cashback
who is highest run scorer in t _numeral_ world cup _numeral_
I want package with flights
jhunsi power house
if i book tickets from here
u have messed up
remind me to call
Plan for surat
Is there any plan for idea or reliance
Look for flight ticket
Motorola service centre
may be later
Please tell me the current status of malda intercity
i booked a ticket on tuesday for kolkata to pune
Hey, can you setup a homework reminder?
i'm going to nagpur
gim me schedule of all matches
Hey can we cancel the shegaon to Ahmednagar tickets of prassana purple
phone number
gl scorecard
while u remainding me der is no beep sound appearing in ma cel
I want to order from Chawlas 2.{product_id:4000049,product_name:Chawlas 2,api_id:,api_name:zomato}{carousel_cta}
can you send me rsa full scorecard
looking for train from kapurthala to pathankot today
about logan
can  u book ticket
what is the match on _numeral_ april
bus stop sai raj tours nd travels
nothing there
refund mera kaha ayega
Pls stop this reminders
dont remind me
Hi, can you help with hotel bookings? For unmarried couple in nashik
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 05:30 am { reminder_list: 684662, user_id: 1702583, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
what about overs and wickets
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sat, 04 march at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 706931-706932-706933-706934-706935-706936-706937-706938-706939-706940-706941-706942-706943-706944-706945, user_id: 1982227, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
update me _time_ overs or when ms dhoni comes for batting
date is 9th to 10th march
remind me about meeting vippu at 7pm
last time i ordered from moradabadi biryani store i can't locate that restaurant now
Can i plan a trip to goa
Showtimes?
kkr is top of the table now
had your dinner...??
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 683778, user_id: 1977495, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
ap log rt ko bhi onln rhte ho??
where is train this time 14164 sangam express and what time reach allahabad today
hair saloon
can i ask anything rather than cricket
cancel my previous booking
i made a booking of 3 passenger on name akhil manikanth
remind me at 8:30 to withdraw money and take mitesh s medicine
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 691294, user_id: 1878946, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can you help me connect to mc donald's velachery, chennai
"		i would like to cancel my `wish jolly happy birthday!` reminder for sun, 14 may at 11:55 am { reminder_list: 679096, user_id: 1974469, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Hi morning, I just received a wake up call. But wake up call was for 7 am not 6 am
may i know who all are the umpires for todays match
hdfc which have cash
can you wake me up at 7am today
What time does McDonalds start delivery
cancle
movie name la la land
s....can u search me for nearby gym
note
Shruti can u plz tell me d train running status for 11078 jhellum express
food item was very bad
Can u make booking in tatkal
what s _date_ match result
could you please keep updating after every over
thanks much
any offer in movie booking
any place for long drive
exam
as much close to entrance as possible
expected _numeral_
thanks for this
will u plz let me know where is the samsung service center in amritsar
thanks anjali
flaxe board shop
can you send to me the batting scorecard
pleaae prefer non stop !!!
what s the score of mi
muvie tickets logan...in cinepolis chembur
hey i did not receive cashback
need to move some stuff to bangalore
bt malvika muze bs fare janna hai
i love food
no coming
food combo
write destination also
pondicherry
the*
Need a 7 seater cab to drop us to Anushaktinagar from Kalamboli
what was _date_ result kkr result
_date_ match info
whos playing the qualifier _numeral_
remind me to call shankar for site visit tom at 12pm
can you please keep updating the ipl news for me
i asked the combination of all match scores
Is there any offer in-flight on 27 December
Free incoming phone calls roming plan
Suggest me best route to travel by car to goa from Hyderabad
Are there good travel packages fr busting places inside India..?
Cancel the order
sonia madam.. i need to meet tomorrow 11am for rent house
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 710023, user_id: 1983247, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Yes book the seat
rcb card
great. thanks a lot. have a nice day
is my 3 rides completed
can you please check from my msg
need assistance
pnr status  2656943708
others??
i am looking for a cook
vijayawada to surat
who s batting fst
12.00 for lunch
Find me cheap flight options for travel between kolkata to mumbai with best possible discounts or offers
sorry by mistake
How is north country mall
i need an estimate rate from my location to trident hotel , nariman point
what s wrong with mumbai indians
i am looking for a web check in
no thanks
i want to buy tickets for the matches in pune
"		i would like to cancel my to-do: fgr for tue, 28 march at 07:48 pm { reminder_list: 695149, user_id: 1689770, task_name: to_do, offset: 5, api_name: exotel }"
onward flight - rs.3394
Hi can u please check whether there is ticket from Coimbatore to Chennai in tatkal
can you please tell me what are the malayalam movies playing
any othet
hello , yesterday i asked to stop the water reminder through push notification but today i started receiving phone call as well as push notifications... please check i think there is some bug
Please send me reminders once a day
the girl is not allowed to travel
only fare
any offers for train ticket ?
can i send a screenshot to you of my user wallet.
can you please tell me who is the orange cap holder
looking for sony cd player repair center in mira road
how to set reminder to call
for what?
First show at sangam big cinemas in 8th sept 2016
can you set an alarm for tomorrow.. 9 am
gd n8
Hi yes... would like to know the cost of flight accommodation and local transport at Brento, Sri Lanka for 4 nights
for recharge
KFC jamnagar
Hi can u remind me to call my mom at 9 AM
apple service center nearby
Nashik to pune direct train
pleaze remind me to call jamal today at 4 pm.
trying to book 2 tickets for gazi attack 3rd march 7 30
but not at night
may i get the
Any offerz on movies?
haa details send karo taaki hum chose kar sake
very long waiting
my mistake
is there any
ipl tickets price
khirki extension
madam ur app is fake
can u do a web check in
sameep good morning
can u find where it is now
axis atm
no offers if we pay by freecharge wallet
hey can give me mobile no of electronic showrooms like croma or kings electronics in kharghar
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 698898, user_id: 1980919, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
haldiraam restaurant
10:45 am remind me geyser take
can you share orange cap leader
can we talk. in hindi?
Please find nearest petrol pump
recharge failed
job done
Does daksinayan deliver?
Hi Vitasta plz inform me by only message for this remainder
Sayali Close all reminders right now
who is the brand ambassador for kkr this time
when it's reach mayiladuthurai
show me previous reminder
i wont now varsha i asked you twice but you was busy or maybe sleeping so bad
trains from mubai to goa
i want to cancel my train tickets.
send me d updt please
Gionee service centre around me
11024/sahyadri exp
suraj who won the _date_ s match
one is enough :)
any update on my railway tickets
any offer today?
book an auto
Show me the union bank of India atm nearby
send me remaining match schedule
kabale
5 min
yuvraj 05/10/2008
thanks mr hasan
institute for german language
"i want to know	what's the price will be charge		from church gate to taj hotel"
tatkal me ticket mil jaiga
distance to peris
check in tatkal quota
Puneet I heard the train journey to ooty is good amd google also shows a train from trichy to udhagamandalam at 10.45 pm
remind me to go to bank around 2pm!
Chemistry cafe in lucknow
pachmadi
that's it. thanks
i want to set a reminder for studying
Is there SBI ATM?
one more please
ac installation required
thank you bro for notificatio
to drink water in every half an hour
who will win the ipl _numeral_
hard luck for pune
todys match
will b needing for 14 th aprl 3 tickts,, 16 aprl 1 tckt,17 6 tickts kolkata to agartala
Tomorrow 12:15 one way ticket movie in rahul shiwaji nagar send available seat view
hi, can you help find my flight details?{task}
yes except after 12 at night
I want to watch pink
Can you please tell me the price of flight Delhi to Goa for 4 people
schedules
i want to watch chowka
who is playing the match _date_
score plse
sorry thank u 🙏🏻
looking for hdfc bank not atm
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for fri, 03 march at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 693025-693026-693027-693028-693029, user_id: 1979731, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
hey do you tell me the match prediction
no bro
ndijd
any stanc atm nearby
cancel reminder
yes wake up reminder
please stop my all reminder. i will set new
need to book flights for 2 for mumbai and return. for a short vacation after visiting shirdi
can i trust on this completely
i want branch code of indian bank connaught place delhi
spicejet 2nd may - 6:10
munthrivallikal thallik
😍good morning..blah blah ka mtlb kya hota hai
need a person details who is devipatnam road ramnad district his name is nathan proprietor of nathan timber who recently invented alternative for electricity
chennai to chengalpattu  train
gh
sorry i have no idea to travel
hello shilpa..
5/30/2017
eat almonds in the morning 6am
remind me to get vihar a gift
Could you assist me with some way better local idea plans for mp cg telecom
wht will be the charge
i will pay be wallet
i have about 10 kg of newspaper to dispose off
if possible you can call from u r number
Remind tomorrow at 9 am to meet saeed
_date_ ki team batayege please
what do you think whose gon na win todays match between mi and dd
who cares rcb is in the second spot that makes me happy
I want to book a cab from pimpri kalewadi to bhima koregaon plz help
hi i want indian food
i need points table
wow the response were too quick
shall i get bluedart toll free number  of mumbai
any cashack ?
Book me flight for sg-657
one plus one mobile repair shops
mera avi kon kon sa reminder set h bata skte ho
can i book tomorrow
"		i would like to cancel my `wish madhuri kumbhar happy birthday!` reminder for fri, 09 june at 11:55 am { reminder_list: 690555, user_id: 1979030, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
plz check
ohh ok
virat kolhi score
capul
tell me on which day india will be playing with australia
i need to go to mumbai next week
nearby theatres
ok no please.thanks for the update.
Do we have any train from blore to Bagalkot at 11??
send regular score updates
i need _numeral_ tickets for thursday s match
ohoo already its _numeral_ naa
how about mumbai indians
circle ka minig kiya h
dth recharge done or not
2556449165 pnr
Gimme the best call rate for local mobile calls for idea in mp
got it
i would like to go mulshi dam from pune.
so pls call me when u free my angel
Where is this IDBI bank in Kukatpally
hey would u please add a nice note with my wake up call
no thanks . i already had
please find me best cheapest hotels in manali
aurobindo medical college indore
can u plz tell me d rate  couple trip of london
i want nearby malls
can you pls search from.ola cabs
help me for ticket discount
hey i wanna know what football grounds i can book nearby
okay, thanks for info, i wil book later
can i get the update on the srh match
my remaining reminders ?
thanku yar
live match socre
i want to know if senior citizens can. easily book cab
srh or rcb
can u please tell me any travel agency near by me
Sl
he remind me to call for itr to my ca by tommorow at 1 pm
what about rcb match
if u have sent some time ago when i have asked for it
what's mine 15% cashback
der is concert of bismillah in ahemdabad
no..
yq
so coul i can use this offer?
please wake me up tomorrow as well on same time :)
will i get any cashback?
Ac 3rd class SL
banks
Yes it's Airtel
I want telegram channel of hindi dubbed movies
cancel reminders
wake me up at 6:05 am on 1st march 2017
1st of every month - file nil returns of vat
who won the game _date_
Mem muje reservation chahiye
brb
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 701196, user_id: 1980747, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
is there a cash in it
why error
New movie ticket available in calicut
need car spa in rohini
hmmm k
and for 3rd april?
Looking for an ENT Doctor nearby
i want to know the nearest homeopathic medicine store
help me on this..
trains to baroda timings
i need an estimated fare to a particular destination
thnk u for ur assistance
Hotels in Gangtok
Please guide me regarding hotel booking in marathahalli, bangalore
Are there any direct flights between pune to mumbai??
Hi , can you please look for availability on Nagpur CSTM duronto express on 15.09.2016 ac 2 tier
Movies in Tumkur
what s the latest game of gujrat and which team
good nyte
coffe wid me.
delhi playing squad
remind me to get scm text book from the library
Axis bank atm near kolhapur st stand
6th march
arrow showroom
can you put a reminder to call kaushik bhai in ambuja, kalol at 10.30 am on monday
ok thnks
Do u have any Recharge Coupons of PAYTM
"		i would like to cancel my to-do: to send an estimate  of front , rear brake and additional time for diagnosing the under body noose. for mon, 06 march at 09:45 pm { reminder_list: 725848, user_id: 1986551, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
wake me up at 8.30 am
Please remind me to call anmol
do you have any coupon codes or cashback in recharge of bsnl prepaid mobile?
ca n t eye witnessed the game lil upset but aarav thank you very much for the update whenever i ask
hey saif
ipl result
who is the pooja
your app is good but not a best as for my requirement
i want lakshmi vilas bank atm
train ticket
kolkata v s pune
can i have pizza hut near by location
please put a reminder to fill the sbi po form for tommorow morning 11 am ...
this is india
do we have any offers?
please help me with the tata sky offers
tell me the teams and the players of ipl
thank you. for the information
who gon na win _date_
atm card ko pen card se link krna zaruri hai kya?
u only said with in 48 hrs u will received the money
Can u help me I want to fly for delhi on 29 sept
when will it reflect the payment?
please update me the toss of todays india vs bangaladesh mtch
dere
ilp
how r u
irctc?
i want help ipl wankhade stadium
wake me up at 7:45
Chinese hotel in chembur
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 05:50 am { reminder_list: 251721, user_id: 1702372, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
location is triton mall
can you check the rates for coming tuesday also
i heard kohli and ab were amazing _date_
tell the score
when is next match played
who is leading runs scorer
del to goa
send detail for guhwati city
do you take that up
can i have the web check in for return flights as well??
i won't know reason
need yezdi bike mechanics around kammanahalli bangalore
no only so much thanks
can i get any discount today for logan movie for one ticket
sunday ka ticket lena hai
location of these services center can u tell me
i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 09:16 am { reminder_list: 340736, user_id: 1582633, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
Domestic. Its a train how could it be international.
what is this where is from and to
nice name bye the way
can you manage me the tivket for finals of t _numeral_ world cup
tkz
I am travelling to Goa on November 23 and return November 28
I want to hire a taxi from gurgaon farrukh nagar 122506 to aims new delhi
scorwcard
Can you please tell me where I can catch the flight from kollata
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 713161, user_id: 1983919, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
turn off water remunders
i want to listen to tat ipl music
need 4 seater
Near by ATM?
Remind me everyday to sing and speak slowly
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sun, 05 march at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 721047-721048-721049-721050, user_id: 1985290, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Order chiken  rice at 40 rs/plate
points table r
Ac samsung and tv sony bravia
Mini bus
i wont be needing any more updates
i want to book bus
india jeta ga ki nahi
can u remind me in 5 mins to call mahesh
good morning! my dear ....
like - 30 mins prior to flights?
any offer on food
wake me on 3rd march at 6.05 am
again say price of flight from delhi to patna
gym nearby me
get me a cab
can you tell me train station close to kasauli
Hookah parlors
evening m kiska match h
train250 offer still available or not
ohh shut rcb has going to be loose
i love u
rcb vs mumbai tickets i have
i want nearby restaurant
call me at every 2 hr
please wake me up at 4:30 pm today evening
Karnataka bank near Banashankari bus stand
i want service centre of motorola mobile  in lucknow
i need to order something from republic of chicken
Gionee service center
sorry 😖😊
same**
athikulam
regular score at halftime and after complition of match
hello hi
i want new point table
Suggest me trains for vadodra from delhi on 11th nov
tell me the root to kumara parvatha
kolkata
hiii melissa
who will win the match _date_ any guess
Fast food should be fine
near thunganagar
9342335415
wah ji wah
hey can you remind me on saturday 7:30 am ? call me
i will file return on moday. .just remind me . .
thanks sweety...will let u know if i want
batting scorecard of rps
Thrissur To Trichy Karaikal Express SLEEPER status for Tomorrow ?
5/31/2017
i will let you know later
no jash
which match is _time_ o clock
haptic used to have customer support for multiple companies, is it stopped ?
not com my mony
gg
How do i go to kapu beach
Which theatre?
will inform u
umm thanks karan
it s sayali send current match score
i can pay upto 5k per night if it's all inclusive.
find who will won the t _numeral_ ipl match
Hi i need a bus from dharwad or hubli to goa
order from pathaan sir
in advance
i need over by over score updates nd wickets updates
I want tatkal ticket
discount
whats the point table look like after rps lost its last game
one
i m lucking for train too
good noon
visa
i want go to hyderabad to day night
sion
good afternoon. my dear
ghazi movie tickets
please show me trains from rmgm to tpty for sleeper (sl) on 05-03-2017.
hi komal
Places to visit
let's see 👍
rto hardik
baroda to shirdi bus timing?
Any offer for idea prepaid recharge
bhai free pizza dilwa sakte ho?
jafferkhanpet
and who bowled well to punjab or all of them went for runs
still not got my refund.
ipl tickets available
while traveling what i should take.
which team will win the match gl or srh
koi offer hai
i want to find out any broker or any who can tell me about bitcoin mining and related investment
in paharganj
sector 8
im from karnataka
only the ticket
Actually i bought a lenovo phone month back but then I'm facing some problem with the sim network so then i went to a serrvice centre and they change the board and give it to me. Then again i have same issue so when i went to another service centre they told me that the phone emi number is not matching you have to talk to the customer care
no i know about the _date_ match
plz set a wake up reminder
Fight tickets from pune to chennai
my location is noida
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 560610, user_id: 1937866, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
sorry 7
thank you i'll be back if i want
Cost effective flight from Raipur to Bhopal on the 12th of this month?
Need paraside chicken biryani
what the score of delhi daredevils
Price of air ticket one way from Chandigarh to Kolkata
cashback on cabs
I want pizza list
when is india competing again
i m new to haptik
grt work
or shopping market
how to check have cash in atm or not?
yeah,
i find a same flight in 13500 rs
I want package with rail tickets also
hallo khushboo
mode of payment while booking a ride who wil select?
ril8te
k no
hi soumya
would cash back be used
gud nyt pranay
actually i m so busy that i forgot to drink water ...and in evening i realise .
i want to know wen it starts from egmore
i have one more ticket but it is booked from other account...can u cancle it if i provide u details??
Is it for data plan
ok, now i have search details, if assistance need then i will contact you
20th morning 8am to 22nd morning 8am, total budget is 5000...
Triventram rajdhni express on 9th november
movies released today
Where can I watch this movie at 50%off ??
can you tell me show timings in regal
want to knw the review
shri krishna medical
someone online
Chinese food
are you human?
okay tell me the position of delhi daredevils
Silchar to badarpur train for tomorow evening
Morning 7 o clcok
Change the reminder
are these ticket are refundsble
can you buy ticket for ipl
Any offer for dth recharge?
adishrawan
no thank you for the score
thanks☺
sir muje plans janane hai
shilpa aap ho?
ok no problem, thanks for the route map
lowest fair
and have to return back from there
i need regular
wake me up today morning at 5:30 am, 6:00 am, 6:15 am, 6:30 am, 6:45 am, 7:00 am, 7:15 am
payment kb refundable hga
andheri
in bhwn eyes specialist hospital
Get me the menu of Joey's pizza and Eva's pizza
hloo
any offers on bill payment?
it's look. due to lent i have turned veg and it's pretty confusing to order veg. i am outside. thanks
So I will get a reminder in d nite rite
i have just downloaded the app. i may need some time to see what i need. thank and good night.
can you please tell me if i want book a cab from my location to kalwad
highest weeket
Train number 14095. Sitting tickets. 2 tickets for 23rd Sept.
i am in srinagar airport is there any casual shoose shop
moto service centre
remind me to go to market at8:30 today
Photo studio
mujhe bsnl me220 ka ftt recharge karna hai
return train details
Can u book a table for me for 4 people at supreme corner j. M road
ok not an issue
hi i want a hotel in my location
can you tell me which match is going to be played _date_ at _time_ in the evening
anu deals?
i haven't received confirmation
lower quota mai khali hai
can you get the tickets anyway i can pay extra fee if required
kkr won or lost tday match
witch apps can i use for watching ipl match in mpbile
what about amit's web check in
Trains ?
old give me promocode
can you show me the standings of the team
am i eligible for cashback
can you help me with nearest table tennis club??
i wnna the sectr 137
do it everyday at 10 a.m.
remind me to cancel railway ticket at 7 pm
give me the video of it
will they solve problem of lloyd?
tiruppatur to tirupur train stats today
can i have a scorecard
no chance of mumbai coming in the play off
sbi ma top karava nu 6
is food is available near tiwanmiur beach
im in keral
starts it with sunday night 11 pm n next morning 5 am
i want to know, if will book ticket online, then can i cancel it if yes how
I m looking for authorized Television service vendor
can anyone arrange match ticket for ind vs new zealand
how win the match
money
i need to courier something to nashik can you do it
Turn of my alarms
i want ram medicals contact number in bangalore  nagar th pet ...pls get me the number
how is logan
when it will be completed.. as my money is deducted.
Any carpenter
boogan
hi i need to know abt hardware shop near me
cancel reminder
No Sir, don't want to book in waiting List
looks like rcb might win
can u know nearly liquor shop
god do n t you know difference between run rate and net run rate
I'd like to know the eta and etd of train number 12006 on 17th  September at Ambala Cantt. Thanks.
arz hai... मैं पीकर नहीं बहकता,, बहकता हूँ तो उसे देखकर,,, अब बताओ ज़रा कि शराब हराम है या वो ?? इतने में मम्मी के कमरे से आवाज़ आई,, "शराब हराम है और वो हरामजादी हैं और तु हरामखोर " माँ कसम, सब क्लियर हो गया।😂😂
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 12107{product_id:12107_ltt_ljn,api_name:trains_api}"
there is no weekend
Can you find me the nearest train station from sagar institute of science and technology, sikandrabad...?
please forward contact details
hi sneha randi. this is a system generated message to inform that you based on your last 10 customers review your rate has been decreased to 75 rs per night. as many people have reported that your stamina is drying now a day
Get me ticket for tiger(punjabi)
Book travel ticket from wardha to karanja
want for 2 kids also
Vegetables
Thanks to u and ua team for the reminder
recharge is success or not?
got it.....???
discounts on logan
i will ask and let you know
need in dubai
Is there any availability of rail seat from jammu tawi to yamuna nagar
i mange
6 no nhi kya
thank you amazing app👌🏻
i mean that is there any age limit
eradane sala
recharges are done properly by haptik
Pl stop reminder
way location?
all payment made online
yup..thanq..
Pithoragarh fucking hotel
I wnt free recharge
till 5:30?
also what is the cancelation policy in case of flight booking and respective charges
"11th march check in 	12th march check out"
i need timing
give me live update
pls set a call reminder for picking up gas cylinder around 9am tomorrow
visakhapatnam  to hyderabad 6th march trains
who r the _numeral_ teams who went to the semi final
money availability
Departure Time:  No particular preference
Stop the reminders
Yes bank atm
reviews for moonlight
Please can you look for trains between hardoi to lucknow
share me the complete movie list near to my location.
can u give boarding at pune
where is the nearest railway station
you was with in _date_ match
cab offer ?
set me a reminder to call a hair dresser at 4:30 pm today
no update on my refer amount
nhi ap nhi vo
I want to travel to kasol from Jaipur
on 15 march
no lunch / interval at noon?
I'm looking for a dominos
seetha vilas junction mysore
i want screen repair charges
same
the call i receive during wake-up
thax
i don't want to share the location
I prepare for kannada movie
12510 guahati  bangalore express
what s the state of the match
your favorite team seems to be be on a wining streak
i want to reserve a table at teddy boy.{product_id:18383095,product_name:teddy boy,api_id:,api_name:zomato}
30th oct flight frm lko to del
have u cancelled the startup reminder before
for above ride on friday i didn't receive any cashback
I want booked taxi for airport at 2am .
Mc donalds palakkad
can i test you now
fort ,mumbai.
can i know is there any offer on domino's pizza
why you cancel reminder
night show today
please make it quick
i want ophthalmic shopee near my area
nd which team matches are _date_
any discount or cash back on tickets
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 07:00 am { reminder_list: 726498, user_id: 993656, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
I wanna book a cab
no thanks bro... i ordered...!
meri location ke pass me joh tours and travels wale ho unka number doh ?
i need to set a reminder for tomorrow 11:30 am
i would like to know of pet trainers in my area
good bye. take care. my dear
ita emergency dats y
cctv dealers
Pet store
hyderabad to khetrabad
the cheapest aircraft from mumbai to dheradhun on 4th may 2017
no but start callung me from 10 ok
i won't to change the date
Plz remind me today 5 pm I have appointment with physio
please provide me any genuine dating app
"		i would like to cancel my `wish dhina my bro happy birthday!` reminder for wed, 08 march at 12:00 am { reminder_list: 687880, user_id: 1978507, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
give me some moment pics of srh and rcb
hescom not available
please take your time
final already held and sunrisers hyderabad won
Are there indigo flight to kerala
id proof and ticket confirmation message.
please show me return flights from mumbai to bangalore
hie. the person finally visited
raipur to mumbai train
I have to go to chennai fron jabalpur
hey naresh how are u doing?
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 3 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 482610, user_id: 1899947, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Job fair in Vijayawada
any offers on train tickets
time of match please
paid airtel bill . when i will be receiving the receipt
Give me d list of movies with cost and tymings in kanjurmarg 4 mrng show on friday....
call nhi kar sakte kya
i like it so much
sir muje mnmad se khdwa jana he mu teren ke bareme jankari chahi ye
i can't share my location
Foldable tea table
I need axis bank
listen give me the updated table
why todays game is played so late
how do you think will win
I want reliance store near by
so i have got 4 reminder ?
reminder jnj ruksar candidate sat 10.30 am
train offers?
can you please tell me _date_ match summary
custom reminders
kitna pnr khara huya
reissue atm card
orr pura detail gujarat lion ki
Can i book corner seats?
via blore
Nearby bag store
is there any food cafe near by me
"		hi, i want to book micro {product_id:micro, api_name:ola, product_name:micro, seat_count:none}"
n computer will be speaking...??
Nearby petrol pump
how is the rating of a mexican abaratha film
ohh okay
i want d updates
want to book 2 tickets
i want to reschedule my flight from march 5,2017 to march 3,2017
acha puneet koi ache si place
tell me what you doing
not like change
when is match going to start
no i didn't book any ticket so far
sorry it's 4 pk
Flight tickets booking  of 22nd
tell me how much ball is left
What places near me deliver?
whaen will ipl start
Want to go to kerla for 9 to 10 days from 22 oct
hey is this confirm yet or not??
the semifinal schedule please
no thanks suman
Hey, can you give me movie show timings for magnificent 7?
Garib Rath today and tomorrow
pooja...i hv still nt received my cashback
can i pay before i ride
everything is good
hey
i am pure veg
i'm use cab after sometime
Theatre
"hey, 	can u remind me to study science at 6:15 pm,	today"
5 oct ko kise train me ticket h
thanks baby
ok thank you meenakshi...
I want shegaon to ahmednagar bus
full score of live match
who is on batting
Want to book train tickets from pathankot to delhi
ok i will approach u later
so what will be total cost
it seems that driver canceled booking
what are the teams for semi finals
which concern it is?
that is the 75 rupees cash back for the first ride that i have taken
player cost list
show me all routes of train from narwana(nwr) junction to faridabad junction (fbd)
i want tickets for the next rcb match in bangalore could you help me with it
is small pest control covers small insects too
Please stop this water reminder
hey as soon as the toss have been over inform me that who won and decided what
book flight ticket
please confirm the arrival time at kachipuda station
i would like to know about flight fares from delhi to varanasi on 9th march
wat abt evening match
logan hindi tommorow
can u say me today movie of maa tv in 3o clock
pune to goa cab price
bsz to bnda
ankitha you r awesome😂
I am travelling from Vadodra to Somnath. I need to find a hotel in between to freshen up?
they completed their service this morning. thank you
can you get me the tickets of semifinal
Try for konark express
laundry
can you call someone automaticly
i think you are
i would like to cancel my wake up call for wed, 01 march at 06:00 am { reminder_list: 665021, user_id: 1140979, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
milan shadi card in patna
can you please give me live scores for _date_ s match
mum vs rcb
_date_ match achedule
hey can i enter referral now
Nope not a reminder yeah but I generally hit the gym by 730 which is.a general time you can already in me with a motivational message for gym.lol
no i don't want
yess
I want to cancel my order.
virat live or out
yes{task}
play half
give me an update after every two overs
Cheapest flight i want to book from hyd to combaitore
Hi, I am interested in Exotic Goa -  3Nights / 4 Days package. Please tell me more about it. {product_id:836, product_name:Exotic Goa -  3Nights / 4 Days, api_id:8, api_name:travel}{carousel_cta}
hii{task}
i want a new one
budget is less than 1000
anyother near vijaya bank layout bilekalli area
one day tour places at kolkata
i want to order cakes
ac 3
it's almost 6 days .
Which is the best taxi service for to and fro trip from chennai to pondicherry.
so how much cost given to gayle for this season
i require a plumber
okay what was his score _date_
i asked any scheme for prepaid recharge
why it happened
please provide me the scores
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 12308{product_id:12308_ald_hwh,api_name:trains_api}"
Do u reserve table at western food in on express highway
tell me _date_ s match updates every _numeral_ min
not without any cash back offers.
two call
teams
Can I get coupons for Dominos
ahmadabad
sat night
i want 7 seater
any offers on dth recharge
baby care shop nearby
ok told me available timing's of flight from nagpur to las vegas
"tatasky hd branches in 	markapur in andhra pradesh"
india wonn
"		i would like to cancel my call shankar mahindra aerospace reminder for tue, 07 march at 09:30 pm { reminder_list: 691743, user_id: 1968685, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 07:15 am { reminder_list: 687474, user_id: 1952046, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
where is nearest atm bank
ipl final nticekts
best data plans
hii khusbu
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 726920, user_id: 1131329, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
I need some watch shops near by
its 3pm
can u help me in that
otp not send
please do
overall score
okay it's online booking or tele booking ?
thx brother
still confirmation pending. from server.
cashbavk is only rs 650??
i want to know availability and fare in ac 3 tier (3a) in train number 12722{product_id:12722_nzm_ngp,api_name:trains_api}
how could i get a job at haptick?
please inform me cash back offer
do it everyday
hey puneet i want to know...by any chance bikes are available on rent in jammu or not
want refund.
please do update the rcb score
n 3:10 pm
ya i got it thnk u
i have a small doubt is this a computer automated reply or human replying... pls
its too high
to send receipt
Weston eel smart tv service centre in odisha
i want you to share the transaction id of the cashback
i have to web check-in
train no of pushpak express
hello pls book asap
can i get the address?
if get bored . can i have someone who can make me feel good. 😊
do you have any discount
17f
i need a bus to pondicherry from bangalore for 2 people on 8th night this month
any coupon for recharge
ipl ki match ka scehdule
may i know the availability of tickets
there is no offers cash back recharge
Distance from Konisi hata,brahmapur  to brahmapur  new bus stand
some more hotal
do we have tickets for todays match
who are batting
temme about next bangalore match
hi i want to order fron subway ranibagh
yes brief score
in 24 karat ,,what's the show timing of commando 2
i want to know the pricing
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sat, 04 march at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 697461-697462-697463-697464-697465-697466-697467-697468-697469-697470-697471-697472-697473-697474-697475-697476-697477-697478-697479-697480-697481, user_id: 1980597, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want reminder for bike service
match kab se he
thank you sleepy robot
does mi has any chance of qualifying
can we use wallet money fr orders
Can you give me the contact no. Of lucknow bus station
are you computer
Today going Mumbai to bangkok
Hdfc bank near me
pls remind me at 1.52pm pls i want to go class
kitna milega
i didnt gat 75 rs cashback
i want to see Hollywood movies
hi rajender
I want to know what type of vegetarian food u can deliver at 122 mkn road Alandur chennai 16
byeee
Shop to Hire the blazer near bandra station
it's done
oyi
tell me the best n cheapest theatre
list of the batsman wo scored in mca team all batsman list
kakinada to hyderabad
i am looking for navina cinema hall
Dear Afan I am getting too many remainders
is there any offers to pay post paid bill
call mi reminder
locate the kfc near to my location
can u tell me the MICR code of union bank of india sibsagar branch
for airtel dth user
ride to patel mumbai
can you please email me the tickets
Can u help me remind me to take my medicine
till i dnt sleep
Remind me to call my mom
8129340639 recharged 122 air tell 3g/4g
cancel the reminder
kidding
any dates
Dont call me...just give me a message only
Pls book a table at cream centre at race course
Just Check All Aurangabaad to Indore Trains And Buses for 9/9/16
hey pls send the e ticket on my mail id
there is a tool on main umpires left hand
reminder cancel
there is no offer so not interested
Remind me today 10am to register for easemytrip.com
before reservation i want to know till what time is it open
Is the axis bank in sec 46 gurgoan is open ??
hey i need a courier service pick up
some details about that
pls send current status of my train ticket
Can you tell me nearest Pnb atm
plz check
Boarding station jasdih is not mansand
i want find u near by architecte??
thank you for wake up call
i m not able to select all reminders here
any more options?
its not their in option
study zoho
my pnr
chi options for pune to cjb on coming monday for 2
I want to know Samsung service center at my location
show me players score also
you have already responded
sleeper class
for the above details, can u tell me which type of cab is?
remind me to talk to priti mam and charu at 1.30 pm today
wats the cast of rajwani
departing frm panvel
last match result
Please keep updating me with the flight fares
Would you also check the cheapest flight tickets for the 7th October from Kolkata to Delhi? 1 person
"16311 	21-03-2017"
where are you from sir???
and also rates
i'm looking for bicycle on rent in pune
Best way to reach netaji subhash engineering college from howrah station
but whom do you support i mean which team
"remind me for doctor visit today @ 	5 pm	5:30 pm	6 pm"
Pls from 2dy onwards don't gave me any wake up cal
vinner
where is thr mr. india competion being held in leisure valley park?
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 641286, user_id: 1580050, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
hi, what are some great restaurants deals around me?{task}
whts rediscover the epic
is there any good cashback??
i need to get a cake delivered
i don't have
where am i ?
thank u...
hi any update please
Chexk dominos offer for today
i need a petrol pump near by
Reminder digital rajapalayam
shreya this is a ticket???  ha
called... ;)
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 690696, user_id: 1976629, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
thanks a ton friens for this info
how much cost...
tell me all score update
kfc cp
birthday cake
would like to fix an appointment in the above mentioned parlour
please send me ipl points table
what are the matches for _date_ in ipl
gd evening
pets controal
i only have one account at haptik
nfrnf
hii...good morning....
balance not received yet
No ita airtel number
Status pls
omg
Wanted a electrician for cooler repair.
i want to make a payment of credit card
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sun, 05 march at every 4 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 718546-718547, user_id: 1984747, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Near by photo studio
i want shawarma
please share me the driver details
hi vanisha
sufiyan park, nr rubi marble opp-p. w. d. opp-classic row house ahmedabad
Indore to Delhi
or sunao madam ji job kesi chl ri h
new reminder
i want some ice cream
change that task time to 12 15 pm
hey i like to know idea 4g net pack
Ticket from Mumbai cst
which tean will be won _date_ ndo you know
i needed to do servicing of my water purifier...can you assist me with that?
get me update please
and who is the onwer of the same team
and westindies vs srilanka
please cancel this reminder?
pl book
ok, tankew
om shanti niketan hr.sec.school aamasivani aadarsh nagar mova raipur
hi, i'm interested in watching kaabil. {movie_name:kaabil}{task}
hmm when the match will start
thanx dear
you too mam
13164 from semapur to kolkata
the food
how do i check if there are any tickets available for semi finals
who s man of the match
update me with _date_ rcb match
may i know the nearby ac theatres of location
tell me the cheapest tour package of dubai.... including flight tickets both sides
when is the sunrisers match
Tata sky
are there any charges for web check in
not required now...
can i get a cab
I would like to order from J 14
i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 07:30 am { reminder_list: 684052, user_id: 1976480, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
Plz find reliance store near baghajatin kolkata
I am having airtel postpaid and wanna migrate to prepaid.. but my outstanding amount is -1446 how i'll be getting my money
i want details for gazi attack
Call me for wake up to day call 11:15 am
What we require for check in for domestic flights
my pnr no. is 4848961598
hw mny runs req
i looking for kkr
pvr velachery
i want to know the plan in vodafone
ur name is anjali
I want to order from Oye24.{product_id:18254231,product_name:Oye24,api_id:,api_name:zomato}{carousel_cta}
who win rcb or srh
best data plan help
monika jain,avni jain n devyansh jain
pls dont spam
any offers on dth recharge?
I want state bank ATM
how selected for me
I want to know the list of pvr and mall near akurdi,railway station
helllo
i did it by mistake
gujarati  film
whose nxt match
just need info
no you tall me time of last show
4th and 5th of march
Which movie is playing on Satyam Nehru Place
Hood showroom nearby
DTH Recharge
no thanks not now
cashback still not receivef
i want pizza mania veg
only tata delhi is available
pqwl1 means
how to pay cab bill after ride ?
7 th morning meeting with rajeev and laxman
Movies releasing tomorow
Hi what is the phone no of madhuram restaurant hsr
meenakshiii
sl
Remind me
more run maker table
do you know about purchasing tickets of todays match
mud race today
what is it?
is there any shows near by ?
2 passengers
not for now..
hmaare india m aik aikal naagrikta ka praabdhan h bo kis country se liya gya h praabhdhaan n nor ye h kya aikal naagrikta n n nye pusha mene
ind vs pak live score
Can you please suggest some good places to stay in Puri
Andaman kattalai
fr idea
do you know the bus ticket offers in mobikwik
i forget my password that's y i can't to recharge sakshi...
Hi  could u please help me with ms dhoni movie timing which is releasing on   Friday
Departure Time: Morning (before 11 AM)
no, thank you, neha.
send messege through whatsapp
could you share the score card of the match
hy deepti
it's just a beginning
rps score please
lagoon resort rajkot
web check in for this pls
Any cheapet flights on 14th eve
hey can u help me with the cheapest hotels in dubai
in aurangabad
set alarm
_numeral_ din pahele se _date_ tak match or toss or kaha pe hua match kon jita
points table is wrong
yes i need one help i m living in guwahati beltola i need social work for cleaning society drainage and raod of my colony bcz i m seeing it from many days nobody takes any action and today it seems worst mosqituoes is there i need fogger for killing mosquitoes actually i need people or labour for this thing
if i book a pizza from haptick can i avail any discount coupon?
hi aman
29 September my friend birthday
i need to go wonderla tomorrow,  can you suggest me suitable transportation
please upload my all tickets
can u suggest me a dietitian for that?
bhai scorecard
hi can you let me know any contact for air conditioner to setup
ice cream junction nearby
no have dropped the idea...
archana can you please recommend me a movie
hey thanks
4th march 2017
is this match for finals
book a cab
kolkata third position
can we book share cabs ?
hai
Nearest metro station in rasbihari avineu
r u rajender
wake me up at 7.50
kkr will win
for train no 16787
every 1 hours
_date_ match details
What is the validity pack of BSNL Assam circle.
i want central bank atm
i want to cancel it
ghazi attack. metro. marine lines
remind me on 9th march 8 am to attend meeting by shivam
s ok thanks
please let me know nearby adhaar card centres
I did not get any reminder
I have to watch raees
sure..thanks
"remind me to take back my pendrive from sunil	date 6 march	time 8 pm"
when is the latest ticket available for amritsar
remind me 5 :44 to wear panty
i filled the form you gave...
hie malvika
not atm
whch teams
Yes i want the chepest fair for pune to amravati at 27 octoumber 2016
Which movie in Hindi doing well
Send me the menu card of sauteed stories
we won _date_ man
yeah you too😊
dholpur se datiya ke liye train konshi h abhi ke liye
every two hours
Any restaurant without bar
can you track my location
please give me only address
12/30/1899
Hakka noddle and veg mancho soup
Hotels in Solapur
have u watched game of thrones
I want to book Banjo tickets
3 seats are confirmed?
i want 2 tickets of this movie
I need to throw a birthday party , can you help me accomodate lounge with 700  per person snacks only with alcohol .
please let me know the match live scores
how are you today?
tourist places in visakhapatnam
Set up one more reminders
tq
can i get the full scorecard
yes go india go
at 10 am and at 2 pm
i i didn't receive ticket in mail
people
balense charge
14006 is the train no
i want details regarding novotel spa & resort goa
Restaurant nearby sec35 chandigarh
morning
should we quit using haptik
i am receiving otp too late
hi!!!
I won't to book 2 tickets
i will be right back
cashback will be instant or it will take time?
digi bank ka
give me full score
put a reminder
one pax
this offer can avail in kerala also?
kritunga restaurant kothapet
order pizza
can you send me scorecard of the match
who is most wicket taking bowler in ipl _numeral_
did u not remind me offline??
i don't get any notifications from this app
most wicket taker
i need the _date_ innings batting card fr yesterdays match
oy
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 329020, user_id: 1848313, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
please tell me the cost..
hi, if i book a cab ride worth more than 100 rupees. i will get 75 cash back. is that right?
not ned
Want to remove birthday reminder
yes he did
can you send me the score of india vs pak and india vs bangladesh
and venue
remind me to give laundry at 7 15 pm today
can i see d offers
chicken
Hotels in Delhi under 3000 for 5 person
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sun, 05 march at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 708205-708206-708207-708208-708209-708210-708211-708212-708213-708214-708215, user_id: 1982831, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
how many matches of kxip left
i am bangalore
sarojni nagar
thnx ☺☺
any 1 offer for booking this movie
i want to know about any in bhikaji cama place
ya just check how much is the minimum amount needed to open a savings account in standard chartered
hptk100
cash back or something?
i had scheduled a cab for 3:40 a.m. can i get it now?
what is the meaning of valid upto 16/11/2016
don't u have ola cabs
i'm not receiving any reminders
flight to delhi on 20th apni
Hey i have already informed to stop call reminders. Why am i still getting them?
I want to order from McDonald's
again
Fast passenger
sorry
is there any offers in paying postpaid bill
"please show me one way flights from new delhi to patna 		onward date - 06 march"
ok at k p bhavan elisbrige ahemdabad.
pnr:8412699551
i came to this app after some time and saw ur messages
tell me what s the latest update
good
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 06:00 am { reminder_list: 701284, user_id: 1981258, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
I want to check train from Bangluru to Coimbatore for tomorrow night. .
Dont forget about my reminder
is there any ticket available at nazrul tritha
Okay search in bus
same to u.
rajkot gujarat
i need this reminder call for three months
there is no reminder for sunday..great
Best data plan for docomo
hey pooja... sorry... wrongly clicked...
Have u watched any allu arjun movies
ai 849 departure time{task}
hii malvika
i don't want atm yr
ok in kotkpurra i can ise
will do it tmrow thank u
kindly send me the route
is the sahakari bhandar at colaba open today ?
need house elevations
i need a to do list to be set
arre bol de ..kal se nhi aunga
here in cochin
by whom chris gayle gets out
dis is old table
thanks dude. i think he is correct person to talk to.. he is searching 🔎 for the courier
om namo venkatesaya
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for thu, 02 march at 07:30 pm { reminder_list: 676951, user_id: 1970980, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
lenova laptop service centre
where are mosque in near..
Also for IDP Education Fair, New Zealand (12pm-4pm) 1st September 2016
I need to travel to mumbai this 28
Trains available for Akola Jn today
satara road
i can see inline
remind me to cal nazar uncle on monday 11 am for machines
can you please cancel all the reminders
Unlimited roaming packs
suggest kro
Hello, can you tell me what bus to take from kothrud to go to sant tukaram nagat,pimpri
i asked for 2 reminders!
remind me to post a picture tomorrow morning at 9:30
Hi i want to knw the train mzn to pagwara on 18th night
find near by hotel
any other best movie ?
Honeymoon trip inquiry ?
i need help
please give me discount coupon
can you send me _date_ match details
stop the wake up call at 3:00 pm everyday
on monday 6th march 2017
Any web site or app offering discounts or cashbacks on bsnl broadband landline bill payment
wickets please
i want only water reminder
trivandrum
can u please see my last transactions
could you please assist me with a web check in
cabs are there??
_date_ india won _time_ wickets
yes...thanks
any icici
add a reminder
badrinath ki dulhaniya
Please cancel above reservation
ya ya all gud bro, i don't want a call reminder, for every task,  only a message notification is enuf
hai jay
hui
u hv stil not gvn me detaild
Tanish hub
i think kkr will list this match
Need a innova cab from chandigarh to manali fod 22nd September 2pm
u r not getting my point
mumbai to jodpur train price
shruti bkl
say like this..
what is virat kohli s total runs in this wc
xerox shop
how much luggage weight we can carry
since this is important
Can you check train availability from Lucknow to dehradoon on 30sept and 1oct
kfc offers
"		i would like to view more reminders. { user_id: 1867619, offset: 5, api_name: exotel }"
any update please ?
wow wonderful
Pune to Barmer rajasthan
ronak
yes tsspdcl
i need o general 1.5 ton split ac
any offers cashback
do you know how to block international calls incoming for bsnl?
Reliance GSM Tamil nadu prepaid
kanpur kamadev me
can you provide a battery mechanic
hi denial
latest m abhi kon  si movies lgi hai
Can you check my net balance in number 9903530153 . Airtel.  Circle Kolkata.
live running status of train no. 16526
theatre at dehradun..can't remember the name..can you help me find pvr in dehradun region and the movie they are playing on sunday i.e 05.03.2017
hi show me latest fares from mumbai to amritsar on 25th march
actually i wanna reminder for my medicine
"sir 		isme add balance nhi ho raha hai"
Running status of train 13008
why
i need to cancel few tickets
what is ipl shadule
bom day
near palghar
how's uh?
i live in judicial layout bangalore, 560065
thanks shruthi
recent match update
i have a coupon code
Tell me fare for deccan express
hello sir
there is any gym nearby kapadia nagar kurla cst road ???
thank you man seems like it was an amazing match for rcb
restaurants with good punjabi food
thank you tanushree
tq very much
gv me some time
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 708357, user_id: 1823199, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
I need to book tickets
pls do a web check-in
what s the condition so that mi could get into playoffs
i did n t received any kind of update
rate is little high as i in bangalore they are charging rs 10 per shirt/ trouser.
not only on monday
ola cab in namakkal
Can I got the e ticket of this pnr actually I lost my e ticket
please tell the current score
Lava service center
shopping mall in panjim
Have a deal with Tamil and Telugu movies I rarely watch Hindi movies
need a reservation at renaissance powai for breakfast tomorrow for 7:45 am
motorola service center near nehru place
still the same score
hy i need ekart contact number near my location
plz tell me advocate nearest me
Check shree ganesh travels
i don't want any tickets
what was the score after _date_ over mi
tdy match
keep giving updates
mandvi kutch gujrat
hey i have a doubt
who s the captain for rcb
no pls do not do it
ac maintenance
costliest indian player can you tell me the name please
i want to pay cesc electricity bill
hahaha lol i want movies name which is released nd which can be downloaded
please cancel all the wake up calls set up
are they middling the ball r they in a good touch
postpaid , electricity and dishtv
this is most anticipated match yar
okay sure
Nearby gym??
reminder at 10am
I need hair oil reminder
call indigo at 4am
come to thrissur station
i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 15960
i was looking for india west indies semi final wankhede match
which movie showing aruna theares
let me browse around.. i will get back
flight tckts
phone recharge
*pass
can you please check the starting range price of hp laptop in vijay sales borivali branch
same again tomorrow same time please
update wid match _date_
plz on 7th apr
sorry i was just checking
rcb full score card
if we turned off d mobile data we wont get alert
rajkot me mtv he vo kitne baaje open hota he??
bowler and vatman
ok thanks i'll get back to you in a while
Please tell me a discount coupon code for oyo rooms booking
is the offer valid for 1st march?
any one here
here is the map directions for another cartridge shopee, shop no 15/16, shan bramha complex, budhwar peth, opposite farshkhana police station, budhwar peth, which is 45 mins (17.1 kms) away from your location. tap on this message to open the navigation to this location.
pnr number: g7p7uf
26 th September flight from Delhi to chenni expenses
thank u/☺
okay sir when is rcb match
can u find near by parlour to me
movie after9.30
8.3.17
tell me the route from borivili to essel world
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for fri, 03 march at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 693525-693526-693527-693528, user_id: 1979944, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
how is commando 2
how are they playing
Yes he did
dhoni koi match jita
01706 which train
good night..
places of interest , picnic,long drives
please suggest nearest metro station to aruna asaf ali marg, qutab institutional area
Find me a bus from shivaji park to dhaula kua
i i want perfume shop best shop not tilak nagar
how much run made by de kock
madem please try now
rates are too high
is there any offers on electricity bill payment
the ghazi attack telugu
"		i would like to cancel my to-do: books reading for everyday at 12:25 pm { reminder_list: 355941, user_id: 1869426, task_name: to_do, offset: 5, api_name: exotel }"
kanpur to banda passer tomaro morning
30mins from tomorrow
i need to set a reminder for 9.30 am tomorrow
6e 9481
can you tell me which show running on gemini telugu
rohtak se delhi
please try and look again
select mantri mall for movie booking
do not disturb
pl share contact no also
201009
Cafe or restuarents near cotton college
100% cash is there????
Can you pls help me with the availability of tickets for the train Aala Hazrat for 27th?
7:45am tomorrow
rate of margerita dominos?
Gym ...near to my location
Dubai trip
Can u please wake me up in mornin at 5
Gouthami Train timings
give me my last ticket pnr
aaj samastipur sia darbhanga tk ka all passenger batao
Can I get detail of  the train JP YPR SUVIDHA
looking for available seats, not the waiting list ones
Trichy to chennai
whats the cost
i had cancelled a flight booking on 5th feb but yet not get my money back .
27/9/16.      Train  no. 11065....samsti pur to.  L L T      sleeper me chaye .....
no thanks ☺
reminder to send tour programs on 10/03
15000
Hi plz stop reminders
Send me movies
any offer on electricity bill
i want to know my active plan
Can you get me cheapest bus tickets from akola to pune
any train for chandigarh
Looking for rates of raichak on ganger for two rooms 6th Oct check in and 9th Oct check out
iam travelling on others seat,kindly check once again by pnr status
asansol me ramkishan mission vidyapith kaha h uska location vej skte h
srh vs gl _date_ may
Timings??
i have an injured labrador, i need  a mode of transport for him
good night😂😂
if i don't receive your call. will you call me again and again?
any other movies
not this match
tell u later
is malinga in the team
any sbi ?
opener batsman ka naam chaiye
is there any fackar hospital
not interested its too costly u may cancel
Hey can u remind me to study...
can you give me best dematologist doctor address
hey, could you please tell me if there is any dermatologist nearby?
is there any offer on dth recharge
i need you to assist me with the match scheduled between rcb gl in the nonn
want to change destination
Central bank in ahmedabad
where will be final match
srh and rcb
i have to go to mandarmani
renewal of. my bike insurance online
good nightsss
do have any idea about london visa
Cancel anita verma seat for the train which i had book for 12 sept
icici atm
when is the next match of mumbai indian
Book raaz at inox
can you tell me in which team yuvraj sing is playing in ipl
coupan code for tata docomo recharge
What is train running status of train no 19322
are there cabs in goa?
If I want to include  lunch and dinner in the package
iowans a new reminder
Delhi to bangkok cheap flights
can you share me the full detail of the scorecard
not like that
if india will get any bonus points
can u send me mr coupon
you are so sweet..
what's app me!! 😉
can u recharge jio 51rs?
pizzahut offers
what the is use of filling it
dose de app work aboard toi
i want money back
can i have menu of dominos
ye kld kab pahuchegi gorakhdham 4/3/17
thank you can you tell me tommorows matches
Can you reminder me for sapna Garden Manoj
muxh
ahemdabad to amalner
few minutes before i download the app. give me some time...
of less cost
playing haa
oook
thank you deepti.... good work
can mumbai indians qualify for playoffs
Hi! You can stop reminders please
how do i do the payment ??
i just want to know restaurant near chowpatty
i m talking about t _numeral_ world cup
do you book tickets pass for ipl match also
gd eveng vikas nhope you had good mothers day nbtw can you send afternoon scores please vikas
i need the train time from salem to dindugal
where is the ladies toilet on 3rd floor of lulu mall
who wil play
what is tbc in thi schedule
delhi daredevils upcoming fixtures
till 8th
please ask them to get the remaining change for 500 rupee note
Pls stop to remind me
how much disct am i gttg in this bookg
Low price hotel
i have some code with me how can i get the benefit out of the same sunpl2hvv
can i have the current points table
one at 3 pm today
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 12971{product_id:12971_vapi_sgd,api_name:trains_api}"
I want to travel a beach trip
can you also remind me for buffet today at 4 pm
Status of above train?
who won
show me show timings of a xperia mall
7282
cancel my reminders
on 10april
anandvihar
ankita
is cab booking facility available?
near me
Can u tell me a pub nearby
where i can watch highlights of the last match rcb vs gl
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 715453, user_id: 990156, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 06:15 am { reminder_list: 688782, user_id: 1804442, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Ok conform ticket
that s really great nwhom are you supporting
status today at aligarh junction
Get me to the nearest wine shop
Prepared
SBI bank Branch
hello spects boy
pubung basti toribari
who do you think is gon na win the match
Pls book 9 tickets
what s the score of gujrat and punjab
12/30/1899
car clener
no i will wait
same day return
could you give me royal enfield showroom number in theni district
has
bhai accha movie suggest kar
gsrtc contact
2 tickets
gd nyt.
Whats the price of the ticket?
i want to rechrg my phn
Hey , I want a person who can copy 20 pages approx , from one notebook to the other
Want to know departure time of train
afternoon matches reminder should be of _time_
nini aa rhi hai
who will win in _date_ match between punjab vs hyderabad
plse call me 3 tym first 8:00am second 8:10am third 8:15
rcb vs kkr match scores
schedule
near by theatre for ghazi movie
thank you nd same to u tooo
singam 3
please don't send me alert now
Pizza options near my location
thank you and same to you dear 👱
set my reminders at 7:25 7:40 and 8 am
show me flights for 9th mar.{196156}
and give me the _date_ update f the scores and matches
wait lemme book first
call an wake up
Can u say d movies on Wednesday n drc
I wanna know the fare for Uber
want bed bugs service
I want package with airfare and accomodation
how was team indias performance
i am not understand
which batsman got out
chaganasery to karnagappally passenger details today
two wheeler spare shop
Can you find me a gym nearby behala
pesenger
Domino's pizza Kolhapur phone number
any cab nearby me
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 689775, user_id: 1976481, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
salute to our _numeral_ man army of cricket
finally won
i want it to remind me after every two hours
no i want to edit the time
theres no need to call for medicinal reminders.. a text is fine
Can I get OLA coupons ?
i hope i get the berth
but it's too late
hii yash
hi rahul
Zingy Parcel {product_id:1600177,product_name:Dominos,api_id:,api_name:zomato}
thank you karan! 😊
Cancel the previous every 30 min
what s the current score of south africa
still faster
2017 released movie list
punit bhai bbs to patna train haii kya
Something spicy
treebo akshaya mayflower
previous reminder of morning alarm
what is scoreboard
shubham i forgot my password for ola
yes it should be best
22949 departure rom ? bandra ? vile parle , andhei , or mumbai centarl
Remind me for study at 5 30
Please do not call me
I would like to get 2 tickets
please send to assure me about all the booking s
yes continue
can you check for me..if im still avaiable to get 75 rs cb ?
its already 2 hours
icici
pay your airtel bill..today is last day
new movie?
pnr bd5itd
which team is won the game
okay so which car man of the match wins
After 7 p.m train tickets available
what are the best items in vegetar
what?
lg
ohk thank you
ddhklllggfddxcggjlwerfgghhj kl w we 5yu ii oppp snohomish u
clean room
Please activate dnd on my number
"do u know anna bhau sathe auditorium 	and it's way"
i just want to know is there any promo code available for bill payment
What about tatkal
How to go from Raichur to coorg ?
Train tickets to Mumbai from jharsuguda
hi nalini
i don't want to add more money on this account
on 19 march and 20 march meeting with doctor at 8pm
any other schools, on walking distance ??
where i need to apply the code
please show me return flights from mumbai to chandigarh
jubli bus stand to lifestyle bulding how much cost
Cash deposit machine icici
What is the platform of train 12009 at Mumbai central ?
nop
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 710078, user_id: 1982286, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
thanks for wakeup call😊
train 250 promocode is not applicable
can you send the individual score of the pkayers
where is shreya?
thanks reshma...m traveling nw
Best cafes in Koramangala
what can you do
mujhe  chandigarh jana hai
Where is cooking induction repairing centre in kothrud
please give me live update
Jehnabad to chabdrpura k liye train
jaldi bhai
Is there any discount going on on flights
Chavadi restaurant location
Hey! I've been experiencing problems with my Vodafone prepaid 3G. This has happened two months in a row, it works on 2G despite getting 3G recharged. Can you help?
hey u there
that's good
hotel room for 3 ladies
ok 👌
sneha, couldn't i set a default reminder for each day ?
Dont set the call for 21 september
5 minutes
no nothing else thanks
that's okay
hello ishita
no it's done
2nd march
satara dist
mcd offers?
hii shilpa
i want to book a flight
online ticket for nagaon assam
bpsc
book uber go with 75 cashback
i want a preschool teacher can you find for me
Please find me easiest way of travelling from Jaisalmer to Mumbai on 10th of November
please provide more suggestions
sure khushboo
i want to visit a sex specialist
hey who r u
thank u for details
Hi i need Mc donald
lg service helpline
malvika......
can you stop sending me reminders
Is there any lawn tennis training academy nearby ?
my bad
waiting list status of my booked train tickets please
How to install Eclipse software in Ubuntu os??
hey can you share the sechdule of every team seprately for me
Wake me after 2 minutes
thank you you may stop sending updates as i have access to tv now
change my reminder from 2pm to 10pm monday to friday
i wanna order dominos supreme pizza nonveg now
pranay are you human or computer ?
k tnq
anyone nearbuy
i need a small info
i'm in my way to trichy
9737365123
hai where is my wallet balance
no ri8 now i have no plan
Domino's discount coupons
99 plan is there
money is deducted from my account
Tmrw BMTC bus is available
remind me when there is india s match
WHICH HINDI N ENGLISH MOVIE RUNNING ON..SALEM (TAMIL NADU) MALTY PLEX THEATER..near by new bus stan.??
i had it
goodnight
why??
How can I reach srinagar (SINA) by train
what is the fare of vm-suvidha 82853 on 4th saturday
morning 6 am
my bill 687 rupees so i am use this offer ?
last match score card of both time
Plz set a alarm at 6 for dad's  work
phone kra
tk...u
hey pooja
teams on number one
no tqs
is three ac available
i need an alarm at 1.30 in the afternoon today
bus ticket from kukatpally to vijayawada
delhi batsman
Show me atm near to railway gate
Is any KFC offer is there ?
Would you please suggest me the bus route from my nearest bus stop to ITPL Gate 3, Whitefield, Bengaluru
hi. could you please check what is the order status?
tell me promocode for mobiquick, paytm n freecharge or any other app you know for idea postpaid...
train booking offers?
pls remind me very hour
how fast u tell us location
Let me confirm. Give me one day time. Meanwhile you may go ahead with the bookings. I need two rooms and no extra bed.
any other options
how many points does royal challengers banglore need to qualify
any offers on train?
don't have app
could i plz cancel all my reminders?
hi any offer promo codes avail
some more?
just remind me @3:30 to call juzer for book
cancel all my remainders
okie
make me remender to call haresh at tomorrow 10 am
"7 pm	tomm from indiranagar"
Hello can you wake me up by 3 PM
with course fee structure
I wanted to know restraunts which have candle light dinner ,music ,etc
any open food shop?
okay what do you think india will win or not
what is the arrival at akola
delhi daredevils players name
Nearby raymond shop
can i get beer
now its recharged to my no ah
only bathroom
i need 2 tickets
my ticket confirmed
Hi reminder close kr dijiye
any idea where i would get ipl tickets
mens saloon
no thanks jay. take care.
dessert
lookong for tamil movie
please can you do
i didn't received the cash back of the last ride
nz vs eng
dear shruti
players of gujarat team please
can you give discounts for ola
for this i need a call
i want to know any cab for sirdi
What if I don't want to receive a call
can you please check the availability of tickets of ipl finals
Jio reliance
unable to recharge my jio number with 99
hi i want to delete my contact from g mail in my android mobil
how many times error occure at ur end
i from dvg i need ahouse for rent
I want neck rest for flights..
todays match updates
Grill chicken hotel
after one hour
ok, please extend it to the enddif the day
already given na
dont call at 10 am
flight for mumbai
now that match is over what kind of update you will give
ok...thanks.
cheapest
what u do
can i have a menu first pl
hey can you please stop the reminders?
Mutual fund
ok...any other offer thru paytm or on credit cards?
how to close app
Plz send me anvt to jainagar garib rath route details
runs i am asking
don't want reminder 4 drinking warer
sry its done
no thankyou
any other movie
Hi i want to cancle my rimineder for exam
i want updated point table this is old one kindly shear me latest one
is my transfer done ?
demo ka
i will get back. tkx sumit.
any show after 10
indusind bank
date 29/5
hii malavika
yeah u got the reminder
how much tym u need to refund my payment
jabalpur to banglore and date 15th april return on 26th april
i forgot
sneha 😚
gd nt
bolling
wrong address
i have ola pass
okay what s the venue
Is pink movie running in bellary?
i need food nearby
2128099841
oww
best indian bowler in this ipl
Train from Chennai to vija
i have already done
no more event,if it i will inform u.
I want uber cab coupons for new users
can u make my friend wake up
wts the last _date_ match
Any travelling places in Chhattisgarh?
any offer  in karnataka
tell me the ones vich vil happen in new delhi
7f
yup this looks good.. will try those and will let you know
has the trip ended as per your systems
"pnr-4849177669	trn:17307"
Remind to call Bharat Bhai om at 930am  today
giv me ipl match seduel
can you book home cleaning serviced from unplan for me tomorrow?
ah got it
i told u
movie price
you can get all details from history
"		i would like to cancel my `wish prakruti happy birthday!` reminder for sun, 05 march at 11:30 pm { reminder_list: 717176, user_id: 1959404, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
im very sad
thanks anyway
vodafone gallery
my ticket is confirmed know
phone number is not correct
There is no cash in the atm of near btl college can u find sbm atm near chandapura?
what movie is going on at poonamalle
i appreciate yours as well, its a tough job you're doing there at haptik now i understand...and sorry if my words did hurt you
when is the semifinal bw ind nd wi then
will you call in morning
can you find in langarhouse
also ask about cash on deliveryy
in india
_date_ wat match in ipl
u too have a great day
khairtabad
is darren sammy is playing this ipl
who won last night between rob n pune
domino's pizza
so will i b able to use ths cashback in next uber tide
best movie
i want to cancel reminders
Is mewad dalbaati open for lunch
good night馃槉
Please send me the show timings... Near by dahisar borivali
thankyou
what s d score hoard of batting
Kartik i m planning kanha bandhavgarh & panchmarhi.... total 8 to 9 days 3 couple & 4 child send me package detail with MAP.... my mail id is : devamks@yahoo.com
Hi I want an hdcf bank nearby
Dth recharge tata sky
could you share the score every _numeral_ minutes
Cancel the previous reminder at 2:30
nopes am good.. thanks for asking
who is playing the first match
Near by laundary shop
what match is going on right now
Find me cheaper tickets it can be between 15 January to 20 January
dont have
slepper
tysm😊
thankyou so much!
and i need more and more onions
Is student discount available on the bus tickets?
Hdfc
from 630pm-330am
not yet
I want to discontinue my water reminders
i will get cash back uber rides or not
can u check now
Remind me every 2 hours starting from 8 am to 9 pm
yash
remind me for the matches none hour before the match
not movies its cricket match
10/5/17 upto 15/5/17
now show my reminders
How to make idli upma
Do you find hdfc bank near
hi i want to recharge 9959432752
hey, can you find me the nearest bus stop?
you can call me irfan and thank you for the information
with infant
aircondition of uber not working properly
Hi please cancel all my water reminders thanks
let me know _date_ s match score ball to ball please
send the images
10th march 2017, 3:30pm i've a appointment in passport office at aminjikarai
can u tell me if tatkal booking can b done
i hv already taken one ride
thank you
cancel that
_date_ we re is win
please remind me at 12:30 pm today
the number you have given was wrong
not happy with his work.
can you share the score card of all the delhi daredevil s matches
Remind me to Call Tini and tell her about the registration
braganzza shop in parkstreet kolkata contact no
can you try in tatkal
why you don't accept international cards
shut kkr lost the match
and opposite team details
When will come bus destination to aiims
Hey can u reminde me that i have to take white t-shirt at sunday 7p.m
are there any offer exist ing now
no air india?
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 04401{product_id:04401_anvt_jat,api_name:trains_api}"
please send me the toss details and team details
nxt match in delhi
hi daniel
what is a rated?
can you help me with the pnr status of my ticket?
I want a call to study
can you help me with the passes of match scheduled for _date_ april
gopiyan bhadohi
can i pay bsnl bills (landline)
i want to find near by jio recharging retail store?
thanking you saumya
i am not happy with this order
i will tell you only...😊
What is the train timing at Anand
give me closer area bidhan sarani or azad hind bag for wow momos
okie thank you
8655902861
i want in thane
rewa to indore 11703
haldirams menu
yaar ek mahine se yahi sun rha hoon yaar
Any Restaurent in Ahmedabad which serves lunch around 2.30 to 3.00 pm ??
no i want to delete all my previous conversations
How to reach leh from Mumbai?
the locality is not available 😑😑
hi can i know the love match score mi vs srh
please give me live updates
Is there any direct bus from ngef signal to R.T nagar
Pls let me know in which train confirm ticket availabe from mumbai to raipur
logan{task}
Flight tour cost including car & hotels
wat abt incentives
i want to be lunch near my location
m hungry
what offers
i am waiting for your response
wheres the nearest pizza hut here
is there any offers on booking train tkts
sryy
do you have any offers
confirm first
Joeys pizza
Hey, can you find me the nearest Bus Stop?
Can I get DTH recharge
answer me
no i want kfc
i have a sbi debit card. are there any offers?
"there is a salman khan movie's song	in which he is wearing white shirt and his co star is unconscious can u get me the song name plz	i don't even remember the movie name also"
can you suggest me some resorts near hakimpet
Cash deposit machine of punjab national bank
contact num
from tomorrow plzzz
nd saturday also plz
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 04:30 am { reminder_list: 692804, user_id: 1978638, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
back packs under 500
8a.m.
send me upcoming reminders
show times for monday for this movie please
ok i will let you know later today
pogan
birthday prateek today 11 am
who is gng to win any guesses
ipl scor table
nobody reminds me
any flights of vistara available on that day
now more than 30  hrs have passed u didn't gave my cash black
hey shruti
can you find me office and stationery shop nearby
okay , i will let you know later, exact time not fixed yet
ok madam
kaliya kana
6162118695{task}
I want a reminder for
on which team should i bet on _date_ s match sunrisers or gujarat lion
ipl scor board
Hi can you please find me train from gulbarga to Hyderabad
i have 4 to 5 time but recharge is not happening
and overs please
Switzerland tour
can you provide highest run getters list in ipl _numeral_ till now
still not able to use my credit care for transaction
I want to go Kolkata to amarica
Hi is der any train
Wadala
i want near central
is there possible for india to enter semi final
are there any offers on movie tickets
where is ambrane service centre nearby
dominos nearby
Hello I want to go one day trip to Bijapur from Gadhinglaj, so help me to plan
hi jay
tomorrow at 8am make ticket for delhi and orissa
can u get me the phone number of balaji departmental store located in lower chelidanga asansol
Uber
how was the winner movie?
metro inox
MAll
super!
what about drop location
please give me some discount or cash back coupon.
sorry puneet now i go to bus . thanks for your help
give me update about match
from chennai central to kothanda ramar koil street, west mambalam.
hey can remained me to have tablet at 7:30 pm daily till fifteen days
idea store
15% cb
in fun fiesta nallasopra west
hey what the current point table
yash
how much ovr dd won
i need to get a ticket on 10 am tommrow
Cab booking please
any ticket in holiday exp
whom did kkr lose to
car spa
_date_ mumbai india match result
also let me know any coupons available?
Malls in bandra
match stopped due to rain
Can you set it for everyday
why you operate this t _numeral_
this is not a tym to wake up daniel
thursday 12 pm
when are the remaining rcb matches
can i get any offer
Pnr status plz
Train from akola to washim for today
every 1hr
i booked for new installation
bro... can u remind me today ... tht i need to prepare for science exam... at 5:30 am
Can you give the list of best army films in english
I wanted to book a driver for local city
Wen is pink movie releasing
hi saif
what are the shows near me
r u searching
:-)
_date_ s match detail
remind me on pune matches
"		i would like to cancel my to-do: it's time for archna for tue, 14 march at 11:00 pm { reminder_list: 722030, user_id: 1985543, task_name: to_do, offset: 5, api_name: exotel }"
hyderabad hav won naa
hello any other options
hdfc debit
Amarnath travels is ter
can you help doing a web check in
sure saumya ll let u know
not nw plz
book ola micro from my current location to shaheen nagar hyderabad
ok then i will give you all the confirm details after an hour.... please check more trains if any after pushpak for return journey
last year win
any girl is online
it's ok vil check..
Hi which dtc bus goes from dwarka sec 23 to gpo kashmere gate
at what platform will it reach say me that u bloody idiot u didn't understand my question at first attempt i always need to say my question 100 times bloody fool
yes i mean which team you cheer
thank u haptic
logan 11:45 am show
please proceed with the cancellation
Now any bus is available
gave you all my five and a crisp high five.
i want to know availability and fare in ac chair car (cc) in train number 12040{product_id:12040_ndls_kgm,api_name:trains_api}
message to my inbox not on haptik app
second seating
menu of persian darbar bandra
When can I go about booking a confirmed tdkal ticket?
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 406752, user_id: 1889850, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
recharge?
i had replied against you mail.
through ola or uber
nops
is that possible?
Nearby cinema
of him playing
and how mny match to win and gt india in semi final
wake up call please
i want to chat airtel in your app
currant score sent
who will win _date_ punjab or bombay
wont u call for wakeup?
Book a window seat In the fourth row from top
we want to change leakage tap....wil he take xtra charg 4 it?
and raina is playing like is he on crease or not
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 12:15 pm { reminder_list: 186841, user_id: 1808138, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Nearby place to visit
any cash back offer?
Burnpur nearby - jio store
I need MNP plans of tata docomo
i want to change time of remainder from 1hr to 2 hr
u tell me station of bramputra mail where we got good dinner to eat
where is ipl final
7:30 chetan today am
Send me tickets for Delhi on  30 th
R u a travel agent?
Burger King in koregaon park
who is playing for dd
Pls remind me of checking status of aiims exam
sir can i buy gift vouchers from my wallet?
i am happy and u
can you help me find the nearby gyms within 4 km radius
ok thank u
when is next ipl match in delhi
when is first qualifier
hiii please i dont need remimders
can you help me out
train no:11058
can i use the cb for postpaid bill payment
Okie i am planning got Dsseldorf on 18th October to 23 October
sorry i forgot..
can you tell me the current position of 14056 train which has run on 5th of septembet 2016
no don't wry
is this match going on
Sir pls book the ticket for Madurai 8.40 ac sleeper
2809 630 399
Ohk but mujafar set it everyday plz
shridi
"sir	brauni jn se jaynagar ke liye koe train hai aaj ke date me"
Last day night timing of Volvo buses Chandigarh to delhi
Can u book tickets for me
for a 3 year old kid
not at all just i saw your name so i remember something.
plz refund amount in my account
in ipl dhoni which team
watz d score
Check flight from Gorakhpur to delhi
Any offers in domino's
please reminder to drink water
9.30 am
Will you please check the details of Visakhapatnam to hyderabad train on 23,24 of this month
for 6 mmbrs
train location
on cabs
when will i get refund?
where is _date_ match dt is may _date_
I don't want the reminders anymore
match completed aa
Taxi
Is there any cab booking facility is there?
Set alarm for 30th sep
In my location food delivery available?
Can you book taxi's?
one of worst experience with last plumber
give pay via ola money
call m.s
Any SBI ATM nearby?
i want to travel through traim
green apple
Can you help me find good hotels in and around santacruz for my family guests.. We actually need them for the whole day (excluding the night) but we're fine with deals including one night stay...
of _date_ match between hydrabad n bangalore
virar to vashi
Seat Number?
Postpaid plans for airtel
i want to change my wake up time ...
nxt match of rcb
please cancel my service of electrician
I p prefer non AC and departs in day time
I need to travel from goa busstation to goa beach vil.u help me for dat
good night dear
i no understand
details of _date_ games
wen is it a no ball
i have product that is tp be picked up
i want to know the tariffs
could u set me an alaram
Any icici atm?
book flight
Largest toy fair in china 21 oct 2016
Setc buses availability
the reminder is at 8pm... not 8an
can you please notify me when these matches are decided
offer chal rha hai to bta koi
neha is any desacount on any order.
nd tell me who won
just remind me 8:50pm today
hello, sagar. how can i help you?
abobe offer is still applicable?
update ulater
uber?
at 10 o'clock morning
thank u for the reminder
plz
nup
can u find good hotel for me
but have not got the boarding pass in my email
its there in the chat history
what is prepaid and post in recharge
Can i taken alcohol in flight
i have a question
Planning to go to Delhi on 29 September for purchasing wedding lehenga for my sister
so india will loose
whose wicket lost
u too...happy hours ahead..
running status of train no 12481
whos the highest run getter in t _numeral_ s
No need to call remind
Carnival restaurant n bar
will 650 cash back will be given??
i know there no direct flights, but via is preferable
But i want to go to ambala
i have sent u the sms
Lowest cost prize ahemdabad to Mumbai flight 27september
todo list: meet ambani and co.
not needed, just a thanks reply..
Jodhpur to Mumbai train
remind me to call mom
is recharge done ?
hi.   send any coupon to mobile recharge
hi u can off my daily alert
Malhar 4 seats
can.... i find any nyc restaurant
yet not decided about train
please let me know delivery person no
just remind me when the match starts
Find out delhi to Bangkok for tomo flight ..only Thai airways
do you have any honeymoon packages for havelock, andaman
konsa b nhi
pls find train running status
return september 28
please do web check in
y not got cash bscj
hi please remove all the medicine reminders
Tell me to delay indigo flight
and points table too
new
Hi...I am looking for train tickets from Kanpur to delhi on 31st August
onward date - 24 march
I planned for a trip to pune on Oct middle can u suggest some places
Suggest for tour plan,reaching BHUBANESWAR on 24th evng 7  oclock. Will return on 26 th noon by 2.30 flight. Want to go konark & puri temples and near by places.
Is there any bank of baroda at nearby??
yeah i received it on time. thanks and sry for late reply
Find the train seat availability
Where is the nearest Indian bank?
i want a current point table
offers
hi sir
can i take from ur app
Tickets for isl 2016? The soccer league ?
i want put another call remindr
Hey i wanna stop my water reminder
is kevin pietersen playing in todays match
road navigation
semifinals match date
tomarrow
finish
what fixture _date_
in near by
0
where can i get amul chocominis tub delivered by tomorrow to my address
can you assist me
Asian ganga ticket fair please
sukanta chinsese restraint charkop
do you think rcb has got any chance to make it in first four
i only want to mute cricket notification
y sir bsnl northeast plans is not displayed. only one two item please chek
6765 145 842
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 719919, user_id: 1234921, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
who win toes
Oreo ice cream cake
Kindly stop water reminder
cab near by
sorry if i disturbed u
pbr status please
hi, i'm interested in watching rangoon. {movie_name:rangoon}{task}
i got message from aircel
reminde to go to printers...for prescription printing tonight @ 9:10pm
wake me up at 6.50 pm today on 98990 77371
can u help me find out nearby airtel customer service centre
vej nonvej
ok plz fast
any restaurant open now ?
do you have eufa euro _numeral_ schedule
sure thnks
tell me who got out
Any offers on booking movie tickets on haptik ?
pnr check
lunch?? good hotels
need score in every _numeral_ run or wicket
hi , i would like to pay bsnl landline bill for a year, instead very month
update ur point table rcb won match _date_
fare:3295,sc:0.0 pg ins agent chgs, if any
wat r u doing
fitness centre
within offer
ay discount in paradise
Set an yearly reminder of dad's birthday on 13 September
yes other person used my phone for booking. ok understood.
can you give me results of previous meeting between rcb vs srh
book 1 ticket
vanisha ap achhe, help full ho
Cashback offer
give me a reminder at 2am
i need your assistance
thks
what about bangkok to phuket
kindly cancel my wakeup calls
"clearly stating please check my history earlier my wallet balance amount was rs 1050 	i made rest amount of rs 310 via bank so the amount of bill is rs 1360  payment link which was  provided but it fails 2 times so money got added in wallet than  another payment link of rs 1350 bill amount provided again made payment after longer waiting u now refund my amount to wallet 	so will explain u that my exact wallet amount was rs 1050 and rest amount is rs 310"
Nearest HDFC Bank.
share me that last ride bill
any offers on recharge of docomo ?
reoti
I want to book Pantha Nibas hotel. but the unable to contact
"remind me for pick some one by 12	00 noon"
thanks buddy
so which over
obc
Can you help me set my to do's in one place and remind me about them?
ok bye.
i want to eat pizza
can i have updates please
I want to turn off remainder to drink water
which movie better
not able to find chef in the list
aarav tell the score
ben's cafe
set it as it was
no need of "sorry" between us i click. one.. but downloaded app is another
nop just inform me regarding winning team n score at d end f match
about love
give buy one get one free
thank you dear
why my recharge is being rejected?
Tell me about Hindi mugic of lucient
artificial intelligence
Moga to ganganagar trains
Ola
m lukng for leading run scorers of this world cup
show highest runs in ipl _numeral_ top _numeral_ batsmens
Any axis bank near by me
Janatha Garage movie tickets in VIZIANAGRAM
stop the phone reminder
Is it possible to book a cab for a day
i want 2 talk 2 u
wake me up at 14.00 today
kkr or srh
cancel the booking
Guyz go ahead with web check get my board pass done with seat preference and hussain RBPTQW
i have booked cab directly by ola in hurry
please inform about ipl
runs made by virat and ab
Hey can u just inform me the timings of pink shows near me except mega mall
hi madam good afternoon.had your lunch
i want to go chirala
bill payment hot nahi
please schedule for entire month of march
yes... i am. checking n comparing the services
_numeral_ overs
"please show me one way flights from mumbai to bhopal 		onward date - 02 march"
"bom to delhi 	27 april 	3 adults"
1st is to remind me to submit my conveyance form to accounts dept at 3 pm tomorrow
who are in semi finals
thank you dear
i want to change time
machine
Can u say wich movies are screened between 12 to 1 pm in fyn cinimas coimbatore
man of the series
Book tickets for isl match in pune
ssoorry
can i know sony vaio laptop service center in nellore
my bsnl sim expired
_date_ will be a big scoring match
just remind me that i have to take details of my wedding and send them to deepak jijaji....
akaanjd9p this coupan os expaired
can pls send me placed which do
TICKET CONFIRMATION:  Flight 843 Date-10/09/2016 DEL-BOM Dep:18:35hrs 6E REF-B9SNXZ. Have a pleasant journey.
bob atm
i would like to cancel my wake up call for wed, 01 march at 05:50 am { reminder_list: 665015, user_id: 1140979, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
i want to call gursewak
check in by 4th of march and check-out by  5 the of march
i had a doubt.. if suppose i'm saying to book a train.. how the payment made? also including tax amount?
good please send updates as and when possible
i'm bored
is there any sabros pizza outlet nearby?
can you send me score update after evry over
ok.... thank you very much
realy
Pl  send me the contact no.of Domino's pizza.. Kandivali East Thakur village
Can you tell me the price for duronto 3ac
planning for a trip
too costly
will ask u if i need further
today 3 pm
kaduthuruthy
can you cancel it
few more locations
at sodabottle opener wala
what do you think which team will win final
who is having purple cap
it's my pleasure dear
Hi i want to know about a train status..
thanks! was just fiddling with the app wanted to check how it works
Does any one knows Sony services center in delhi
i want the updated table which includes _date_ s match results as well
I want to know bus route for travelling to ITPL Gate 3, Whitefield, Bengaluru
srilanka vs england score
my trip has ended
hey can you share the _date_ match schedules with me
Do you have the menu for hotel Vijay Sagar restaurant near babulnath?
train 14554 running status departing UHL today
no for each minute you must give me live update
08.03.17
Micromax service center
02 nd may
i would like pay my post paid bill is there any offers
sir mujhe apna reminder hatwana hai
i wear pink panty
hi, i'm interested in watching coffee with d.{movie_name:coffee with d}{task}
cabs
hi, i want to book ubergo {product_id:83941b0d-4be1-4979-a9c0-f0af5ee2b89b, api_name:uber, product_name:ubergo, seat_count:none}
and tell the morning timing also
they are usually out of cash
Hey i have another account on my no.8275643005 can u plz cancel its wakeup call permenantly
Remind me tomorrow at 9.30am to submit adhar details.
say me the players of gujarat teams
on 17th may
isn't need
Latest movie reviews
any news of segwag
sorry i didn't mean to do. it was by mistaken
so mi won
thanks harsha
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 707553, user_id: 1982520, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
Is there any offer for ola or uber
ty 😊
nearby multiplex
set a new reminder for 9:30am and 3:30pm
Not call
will i get the cashback???
tell me about the cheapest return flight also
I want to go boisar.....so can u suggests me via train is better or bus??
i'll book it later on
kosi ti delhi train tonight
for punjab barnala
iob  bank
yah babe
seems bangladesh will win
never mind, i booked from spicejet website
didn't
any cash back offer..?
thanq.. summit
i want to go farm regency resort tomorrow...
can u remind at 11:45
by mistake click tht
i used thrice
metro station
lowest price
hi please help mw with nearby post office
i want distance and direction
Axis bank branch near ne
Bangalore, kaveri theater. It's near by,
what s the prediction
please tel me hindi language
mere ispe kitne reminder set hai abhi
set a wake up call reminder
atm near by uttan bhyender
any offer for booking
bus booking
How is pink movir
Lenovo service centre thane
Give me the contact number of htc service centre in Ravipuram, mg Road ernakulam
yes done
remind me about the matches and teams to play each day
pls remind me to use phone pay in tablet by using other sbi account today at 10 10 pm
book after 5 mins
"ahmedabad jaipur 8 april 	jaipur ahmedabad 11 april"
thsnks
any offer available in ola or uber ride
i'm fine
tell me virat s run in _date_ match
ahmedabad me s .a road pe hotel booking krni h
sorry 13march
near my place
can you help me with the departures of air asia flights from igi ? (domestic)
schedules of match
Min fare for travelling from current location to home
Can you order from faasos for me
please keep me updated about india pak _date_ s match
anjali
hello..
quinton de of dd last _numeral_ innings scores
Chk for spice jet dey hv lower fares den dis
checj my status
fairplay award points table
Set reminder for tomorrow after 10 am.. I need to fillup my scholarship form
this has to come in message not call
pune to hyderabad
Restaurants nearby
in kukatpally
which team are you cheering for
hu
no thanks the cost is too high
Remind me to take a book
Train schedule of Lol Shakti Express 22928 from Ahmedabad to Bandra today
so if i book an ola share using haptik...will i get the cashback?
Is there any busses to jaggaiahpet from Hyderabad Ameerpet
wake up call at 4:30 am today
rangila vada pav
i would like to know offers on bookmyshow using jio money
current location rewari
what is the fastest balling speed of cricket
looking for hdfc branch
146 third floor pocket 2 jasola new delhi 110025
:-)
Please search for me tandoori grill resnin Kolkata
I dnt wana travel package
Can you tel me the train timings from Bangalore to Mysore
r u free
Close the reminder
from your opinion who will win todays match
kota
Remind me to meet at 7 today evening
i want to order tea
hie{task}
sir cash back milega
I want to order nonveg pizza mania from dominos
any match scheduled for _date_
hey gauttam, your electricity bill payment of rs.700 has been confirmed. you will receive a receipt shortly. a cashback of rs.100 has also been added to your wallet.
eng wc jitega
is there a match _date_ of india
can you update me with score on every indian teams match
i'd like to order from dominos and see available deals.{task}
Tofu
I wanted sbi
from pune to adone ( andhra pradesh)
it could be silly.....but still ?can you remind me to drink water ?
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 694802, user_id: 1980222, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
😘😘
Cancel all the reminder please
can you be more accurate?
who s the batsman
can u keep a reminder
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 437311, user_id: 1901086, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Stop remainder me for drinking water
no ty..i'll recharge whenever it gives me anu offer.
last match winner
how is it that you reply so quickly, is it system generated?
yeah same
thnx
na it's not
whooaahh wat a match it almost gave me a heart attack
Can I get a copy of route chart and timing of this rajdhani train.
thanks i want to know if tickets cancelled the money riffdable?
need united bank of india atm only
my cashback
what do you think who is going to win _date_
set reminder on 4 april at 7.30 am
any recharge offer for me
i need ola
updated score please
rangoon
no planning
please share full score board
Nearly cinema
which is nearest metro station??
g accurate changes reminder and invoice request for crt kindly remind me on monday 10.30
only need contact number
please brief
cancel ticket
place only this 4
can u plz web check in for me
no as of now
1/3/1900
Can you check if tickets are available for Indigo 6-E-813 flight on 13th October?
i think from kolkata have flight to bhutan
less than rs 2500
Hi I want raw chicken to be delivered at my place please suggest vendor
hi yashvi can yu please tell me about todays ipl match
now i don't need your help
pnr status 2656943708
why you love your users?
i want especially for ants and cockroaches
for reminder
and maq chennai express
find me near by readymade garments shop
4.00 am
i m ready for payment
Cheapest ticket for London from Mumbai for next saturday
how cabn i set the remunders at regular intervals reminders*
need address for local passport office
thirupathi to duvadda ap india
can u send me a list of today's trains from banaras to delhi with timings
I want book train ticket
give me list of stations which will come between pume to thane
Pnb atm nearby
can you send me the link of this match in hotstar
yes one more thing if u can do
dates are flexible. ..any cheaper flights available?
xerox
where does stand in points table
help me find out the route to pallithura beach
hw that posbal retarn my rac ticket
vrundavan
i will let u know
kitny jldi h apko mjhe sulane ki
cash bak
ticket nhi aai
any idea about ipl finals ticket rates
Hi, I was looking for a package for Goa, what you think will be most appropriate time - Oct/Nov/Dec?
i live in rajender nagar, new delhi. . do i have some breakfast delivery options around me..
irctc Tatkal tickets booking time
is there office in banglore
any cashback offer available.?
about strengthen of westindies
iob bank atm needed
i asked for live score at _time_ and i got reply at _time_
is there a coupon that i can use while rechargeing
please cancel my cab
Veg Resturant near by
qualifier _numeral_ will be played between whivh teams
delhi wins
who s the top scorer in ipl
Repeat the same reminder for every month for same date and time
want a electrican nearby
which is upcoming marvel movies
no thanks :)
can you arrange me _numeral_ tickets for finals
19713 from jaipur to secundrabad on 6th may
I want to book my ticket
Novels
what was rcb s score on _date_ match
can i get confirmation in few minutes about cab booking
through wallets
I just want notification for water reminder
thanx u so mucj
hi assalamualaikum can you tell me when is next kkr match
from where i can buy kkr match ticket
near police station
thank you anjali
cost ???
can i get updates please
Mts data offer 5 gb
could suggest me a park nearby
can u tell how much a cab costs...?
ticket book nhi krni
bbsr railways station
please suggest me bus number
on dadar i need 20kg aata n also some more things
ok.thnx a lot
Please do web check-in
call mum paa for anniversary
any one is there
Tell me the timing of railway station for ticket booking
i want bus
set this reminder
Tarif plane
aap mujhe galat na samjhe dost
duration of  logan movie
wake me up
morning flight plz
What movies is available
where do we get... good birthday cakes
with lesser price?
Hotels available in shimla on 18 September
Ya i want to watch
y
brc office  gulbarga  adress
i want cheap flights
train is shramshakti
5065
hellow mohit can u help me unite bank of india atm
Wake up call for me at 5.55 am today
aaj kya h
how to i get 50 rupees cash back ?
syndicate bank any near
to carry health form
i have done my check up
its lower one
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 692347, user_id: 1979554, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Hi want to book train ticket for Delhi to jaipur shatabdi express for 6 th
i need updates of score and detailed scorecard
only royal challengers bangalore
dry wash
set a wake up call on 9930699957 today at 8:50 am
I want 2 pizza now
i want to make a web check in
as of now no live match is going on shall i update you with the score once the match goes live
arey jo apne abhi kiaa
gujrat team for ipl
recharge done or not??
the one that makes the highest score i guess
already 10 minutes passed from your last reply
abhi kis ka match chalu hai
punjab win
then y did u said this ???
ru understand hindi
let me know the ticket charges to srinagar
Is there any mall in dombivli?
Ms dhoni movie ticket advance booking
nobody came
where can i ask general questions
anyone der
i'm frm telangana wht shud i do?
it s not upto date
after week
rcb played their _date_ match _date_
krithuga restaurant
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 709583, user_id: 1983148, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
live score
please remind me on monday
Stop watee drinking alarm
"date: march 3, 2017	time: 5 25 am"
will it come should we wait or recharge from other wallet
i want to cancel all my reminders
i want to know what are all the options/restaurants available in khargone for home delivery
Wine shop near
can i get confirmation screenshot ?
Satragaci to Calicut kerala
kk thank u so much
is there any offer??
stop my reminder
company
where is the nearest tata docomo office
i want to see movie 🎥
with run rate
hi m already using uber from so long
what s d status
indusind credit card or debit card
Plz stop all reminders
Train is time
pls tell me the available trains from tirupathi to chennai on 7th
need
match kaun jita
i dont see cashback on my account ?
give me the list
Is there any bus available on that day?
abe to bhai gift bata koi bdya sa
ticket book
i need one clarification...on
why would i need to pay dth bill thru you ? isnt wallet payment easier option
Wanna oder pizza
Kal subah nagpur se ajmer k liye train time?
okay i will let you know thanks
no no no
is there below 2500
the amount which i paid is i which account?as the ticket is not booked for tomorrow then why asked for the process of refunds.
upcoming india t _numeral_ match tickets
how many overs for delhi daredevils
Is there a morning flight
Please do that until i wake up
i have referral code
at 10 am
it was too long i complained
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 06:30 am { reminder_list: 273806, user_id: 1636783, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
what are the two teams
hello wake up alarm please
2 tkts
I'm traveling in train bro to Delhi
k it's ohk
this is a medicine reminder ibhave to take it 2times a day
scorecard send _date_ okay match ka
i want it shifted from 8pm to 9pm
In how much u can book a cab for me
this is for english right ?
ranchi to mumbai for today
Bank of maharastra
Indian bank atm
hey naredh
i have to drink around 3 liter of water in between 1 to 5pm, and 1.5 liter from 10pm to mid night, can you divide it in portions of 0.5 liter and remind me
i need uber customer care number hyderabad
kon jeeta
What is the price of veg mc puff and coke float?
when s the new match
ind vs ban
tell me todays team player list
when can i expect 12503 in howrah
hey! today i haven't received any drink water reminder !!!
any cash deposit machine of central bank
kl ka score kyyu
Check in date 10 dec
Can you assist me local data plans on videocon sim?
class
what food can i get right now??
Bus timing
hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
may i know which bowler took the wickets of gl
could you please give me a full list of ipl matches
wolverine
for silvassa
how many match are still left
whose gon na win _date_ s match
but i got only 1 reminder
"add a new to-do	task: vomit stop tablets aceclofenac and"
ok thank you nalini
plz suggest me good hotel at darjeeling for stay at prime location
one time flight
web checkin please
gud evening
can you help me with the fixture of last match
who is the bowler whose bowling action is similar to one of paul adams
are there any offers available for train ticket booking?
Please remind me in 30 minutes to take medicine on the way from shop today
right now some busy see you let
looks like a very good score
I have a wake up call reminder
tell me the train time karnal to sonipat
yes,i would like to know
jaipur rajasthan
More options please. Early morning flight for Kolkata to Delhi and evening flight for return
thanks nd same too u dear mam
i would watching it
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 07:00 am { reminder_list: 708464, user_id: 1978406, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
comfirm ticket
alarm today 5:45 am
stop reminder for drinking water
no i need agent
good morning
give me a sec
rank of kkr
i need 2 tickets to delhi
yes you update me once the match starts
atm near saidabad colony
yes sir
ths was cashback in uber or in paytm
fuck of
i need point table of ipl
at location nathganga, loni, rahata
i need uber customer care no
can you help me with some coupon codes
tomorrow morning delhi to jaipur
u don't help bus booking?
Hii sir paytm bus booking promo code pls
postpaid bill and recharge as well
okay hmesha ke liye bye ya aaj ke liye
ok no problem, thank you
what is the status of the mens t _numeral_ match for _date_ i e india vs pakistan
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 05:30 am { reminder_list: 701411, user_id: 1951804, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
will u charge something for providing all these services
i dint get any option
I want recharge my Tata sky DTH
Can i get someone who can help in cleaning the house.
where can i buy ticket of ipl match in raipur
can i get rcb schedule
apko cabs chnnel ki chat dikhte kya
near by not any where state bank of bikaner & jaipur ??
but i did make a transaction of 1675 on feb 13 or 14
how can i make an everyday reminder?
1/3/2017
i need a videocon dth to install at our place
no thanks as i want confirm tickets
"date: march 2, 2017	time: 8 00 am"
i recharged for rs.96 to 8903573056 but it was stil not done..
would appreciate if you could help me with a cashback coupons
may i know the refund amount
I dont want calls from haptik at 11pm for medicine reminder
resechedule it to 3.45 pm today
Where is the rajdhani express towards delhi
i want a cab
ok with kotak
well played by warner
secundrabad to gunter train  list
near maniktala
which is the best restaurant in banglore
score card reqd
from current location to yeshwanthpur railway station
okhe. are u live person ?
remind me to study git system sunday
Hello Shubham is Ter any trains from Kurnool to gooty or anantapur or Kadapa now
by sending a score fr every over
updates on rcb please
vishakapatan
promo code for ola today
Meeting with vmg and EES
any offers in prepaid recharge ?
i want to order eggless black current cake 500gm of worth 270 can u order from me. . ?
can u arrange the service
ia there any discount available?
why?
earliest flight
if i dont give screenshot then?
by how many runs did we win
is this the latest update concidering todays match between kolkata and hyderabad
TCN express
Valasaravakkam bus stop
why aren't u call me?
7
dhd to mumbai
Availability for mumbai trains
please tell the teams playing tomm
tatkal possible
I wanna book a ticket in 22650
Can u book a flight?
can you tell me best hukka parlour in mumbai
cool thanks hasan
i want to reach my office at 4 pm
gujrat lions and king xi punjab
wake me up on 5:55 am today
please remind me for gl vs mi
wake up call require 4 am 1st march
does your agent provide confirm tickets in tatkal?
adress day saktay hay
Carpenter
is there any offers for electricity bill payment?
j.w.marroit in bangalore
food way
Cheapest Lucknow to delhi flight on 18th september
score please sayali
send me _date_ s match detail
suggest a nearby place where i can have kuzhimanthi dish!!
thanxxx
Can i get to know a gems tours and travels store near me
but i got only 127
playoffs
pls remind me to call syed triplicane
i wanted to know where is absolute barbeque
I  want to go goa
very kool
I want the phone number of bharat petrol pump near hinduja hospital mahim
Any discounts in Balaji Agora Mall Ahmedabad for today ??
what is coupen code ?
i wanna go to bangalore tomorrow
I need car travels in bhimavaram
Nearby lenovo laptop service center
aditya,he is yet not reached
not in need now
"		i want to know availability and fare in ac 3 tier (3a) in train number 14659{product_id:14659_dli_ju,api_name:trains_api}"
Can i have any pizza delivery near by my location..
Other top hotels with pay at hotel option in Alkapuri
i want to cancel my wake up call
can you tell me when is the champions league finals
i think mi _numeral_ _numeral_
s i got..
i think dat is chepst one
sorry zefo
this is the max discount?
my uber first ride so how discount for first ride
hi! i need to schedule a pick up and drop service.{task}
कशी आहे
need a table for two at 1 pm this afternoon at tamnak thai shivaji park mumbai. can u help?
book a show for me
i need to change destination
Cancel the call
How to book hotels in yatra.com with ecash
what the fuck
what you think dude who will win
Can i get ticket for rockon 2 for saturday
12/30/1899
lodges
pnr: 6162168952
3/31/2017
please update on live scores shaifila
Flight pune to jodhpur 31 oct return 4 nov 7 adults
pp615210846in track this
but you don't have tangedco
Reliance digital costumer care
yestaday who won the match
where is that channel
ok...
Please wake me up in 10 min.
yeah... i want bar near by my location
Railway ticket
anyone here
17500 rupess for a year how much it will cost in a month
did u have any person for cctv camera installer
baskin robbins
i'd like to order something{task}
in udaipur
after half an hour i need to go for iskcon temple..
best restaurant in mumbai
begum police station near amazon company address fetails
i need a driver at 10 am
Call me 2 times
any date in may
set up a proper name for reminder as well
i have 200/- rupees in my hapkit wallet
kya mujhe hr bar feedback dena padega😕
_date_ who won kkr or pune give full detail
thanks for today ..will let you know tommorow
what is current live score wit balls and runs remaining
Tell me next week about movies because my exams are there from mon to wed
sorry -was just checking
close my 6am wake up reminder
75 cash back milega na ?
I want to know the intercity train timng
Nearest post office from durg railway station
hi.. that was by mistake
please send me squad of both team
_numeral_ runs _numeral_ overs
update about the tickets
choose pickup isn't working
spice jet 08:25 flight what about luggage rules
Medical store
Not remind me call me
i received confirmation only to vodafone
on which platform ?
i need hdfc
tell me some new good action movies
top run scorer in ipl _numeral_ top _numeral_ list
who won the match bangalore or delhi
match stts
i am talking about flights
9.45am
hey have the flight ticket amount changed or still the same
so what can be done
I need a micro ola
hey!
how much balls remaining
I have to book rail ticket from chennai to bangalore of 2 September 2016 of chennai bangalore express
Remind me to put my mechanics manual in bag at 9:00 today !
please cancel my medicine reminder
set it for 30 minutes
ghy del 26may
ola share??
he he thank you
hiii...anjali
whu win the mach
who is the last batsman to be out
i love this app
yes...i m
heyyy
What Hindi and English movies running today?
how many time i can use this 15% off offer
tomorrow , doctor meeting reminder at 8 a.m.
Plz tell me some home delivery options in sector chi 1 greater noida
angamaly diary
me discuss with family
were r u from
tomorrow
i hope you also find it hard to answer it for dhoni
amristar
thanyou
till ahmedabad
nothing😂
no tatkal
Nearest attraction to my location
no i don't want cancel it
are phle wala 60 ka recharge
& when it will reach howrah
can u tell me pnb atm near by sarojini nagar
please show me one way flights from bangalore to new delhi
can you send me the pune super gaints team
btw is my uber account linked?
send me banglore full score details
before 10min
udaipur express train from jaipur to ajmer timing
can tell me which team won the toss
i asked which cab service?
Want to go to andamn  and Nicolas
patna to new delhi
can you give me live score of rps vs kkr
"pnr:6162110615,train:12504,doj:01-03-17,3a,hwh-bnc,dep:12:40,	utpal das,b16 36,	fare:3330,sc:0.0 pg ins"
Nearby iob bank!???
What is the distance of matheraan from CST?
Call me again
in whiçh restaurant i can get lasagna
min booking amount ?
Sony service center in Coimbatore
any cashback for me
i need a oil massager male at my  home tommorow can you arrange it
i would like to find a gym
pls check your fb
tirupur to tirapattur
stop this service please
Yes planning for a trip
ok later on
good nightrrr
is there any physiotherapy available for home service near me
I want to book a room in hotel
will you let me know the score
can u look up for a bike serviceman whi can service bike at my home
hi vikas any update about cab
train ti
godbander road ,kotari estate
pay your aitel bill..today is last day
I need a help.  Need to know weather train from kollam to Alappuzha cancelled
Tatkal tickets cnfrm milega na
I want broadband connection of bsnl and net  plz apply a new connection for me and arrange a call back
hi can u please tell me the nearest post office around me
today i paid all the bill
Mall
are there any overs remaining for pune
status of match
from cok
ohh.. so sorry..
japur supar
sir i want micro
for 4 persons
when is next match
ohhh... so sweet...
I want to stop these reminders
wake me at 3:09
need aluminium section door fitter
but i have book 3 cab in ola app
who was holding the purple cap the same time last year
hey when is match starting
tell me the full talk time
please check the status of my ticket ..
want restaurants near vangri lake
actually i need the time to be delayed
can u please find out places for brunch buffet
what ahppen
ipl details please
are two matches goin on simultaneously
I wann taxi
not these two madam i want indian overseas bank atm
please confirm me the route of train no 17603 kachiguda yashwantpur express
Any pizza place
can u tell me any mall near to me
to sri lanka , for 4 ppl ?!
will u fly?
You didn't remind me to wake up
every 30 min
3/12/2017
nope thankz
7 in evening
about the offer
Kanpur to Lucknow trains for immediately
About aandavan kattalai Tamil movie
evening 5pm
Remind me on 26th of September to change my bill plan
is there any ipl match scheduled in green park kanpur
and whare is it
Plan bato. Data
akshay
i want to order kfc
looking a gym nearby
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 01:00 pm { reminder_list: 713669, user_id: 1518482, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want non veg
scorebosrd
from where is this number? 447756301628
hey i'll be leaving town(bhubaneswar) for few days, can u tell me any dog care centre nearby.where i can leave him
i am looking for cash back options
todaych match
need laundru
hi drink water
Meeting tomorrow with Tejnarayan 11 am in uran
i recollect last time it was generated instantly..
can i have the info of bay beach movie??
Is this a daily weekday  wake up call too
technical information kise puche ? matalan kid assistant ko?
i am feeling a bit horny can you help me
Pizza deals
send me full score card of _date_ match
Hi. Yes I'm am traveling to Dehradun today. Can u suggest me some budget hotels near railway station?
send money to national silks by 5pm today
cmon man this is unacceptable
hi umesh
by flight
in noon
Nearby gyanaceologist
u too hav a great day
can you put reminded for morning wake up
Air india depature in which airport terminal??
can he come at 1130 tomorrow
not now ll update later
"		i would like to cancel my `wish 'pooja di' happy anniversary!` reminder for sun, 05 march at 07:15 am { reminder_list: 345923, user_id: 1865861, task_name: anniversary, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
it will be a real good night as mumbai indian win thank you for updating most of the part good night
what s the run
3 wake up calls please?
Can you check availability for rajdhani from surat to udaipur on 31st November
saumya
does haptic artificial
Ac sleeper
youve set it as todo right
icic bank atm
coupon code for ola
can u pl check if it is available on my phone
hii find me flight from mumbai bhavnagar
remind to play football this weekend at 7 pm
no cash in all atm
any offer going on
tell me the lab
"		i would like to cancel my to-do reminder for sat, 04 march at 01:00 pm { reminder_list: 692076, user_id: 1956654, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can you please list me the cricketers with their pictures
Give me a free movie ticket
remind me 7pm
help me with booking train tickets.
internet café
Iru mugan review??
and please update me on every wicket
thanku pranay
baroda nizampura near courier center
distance from ahmedabad railway station to airport
i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 08:27 pm { reminder_list: 711278, user_id: 1983519, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
who wins tomarrows match
duniyadari
what s the summary of the match between rcb and rps _date_
I need a ticket to NJP from Kolkata tonight can you help ?
pls remind me tomorrow for credit card bill payment
ku archna kya kr rhi ho
i am changing my pic up. location
I m an electrician
If I turn off my data , then would I able to get reminder
please use paytm for payment mode
sorry leave it
when is the next run match
one sec
i want movie name
remind me to wake up
pune wala to btao
find me the cheapest flight in the month of april
no i do have already a deal of 30%
can you remind me on a call in some other no?
is this archna
how about _date_ s scheduled matches
only dominnoz available
Places to visit near Igatpuri, Kasara
kkr lost -_-
read old chats
overs and who is playing
Hi look for AC sound repair guy
can you send me the full schedule of ipl _numeral_
"please show me one way flights from patna to amritsar 		onward date - 30 march"
tell me the cashback code for recharge
i want to know commando2show time patna
pls check rate for 9th march
Are there any other hotels with similar profile?
what happen
welcome.
watson konsi team me h
kkr prectice
how many matches are left
bandra to abu road
six girls
for these hotel
sir i want to make daily reminder can i make
doha to kochi
i want domino's pizza
reminder call to call vatsal at 9 a.m today{task}
can you tell me which teams are out of the world cup currently
match _date_ detail team
what about my balance with you
Hey there, I want to book a bus ticket.pls send me Neeta travels no I want to go from pune to Dombivali
4229274534
sure!
malleshwaram bangalore
so book now
just now they called us bt they r rdy to offer for 25 members
I want to book Hotel Royal Inn
miss professional
hy rs
yes points table
reshmaaa
hi any good hotel recommendations for panchgani and mahabaleshwar
"		i would like to cancel my to-do: hi for sun, 02 april at 10:19 pm { reminder_list: 685355, user_id: 1715701, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
ipl upcoming match
which is the nearest pizza hut?
fast tell
bresh cheyali
bhai koi bandi patwa do 😶
Nearest photo printers
street shopping in mumbai
ohk thanks but i was searching for idbi bank atm
Tourist places
book cab in 5 mins
chart prepared?
i have changed mind, and don't book any cab scheduled earlier
movie commando 2 review
is me kisi ko koy b, day meg call pe kar sakte he ?
_date_ ka mtach kaun jeeta
i won't be there at the given address for 2/3 days may be
where is the nearest movie theater
You did not wake me up!
how much tym u need to refund my payment
Is their any train ticket available New Delhi Pathan kout
availability
cool man thanks
SBI ATM please
thank u sir
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 689632, user_id: 1978774, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
rcb vs srh match
still i wana set some more reminders
Everyday i want reminder
i want to book tickets
latest points tally please
bcoz i hv been using uber since long and i'm not sure whether i'll get the 75% cash back or not bcoz it wudn't be my first 3 rides
i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 09:30 pm { reminder_list: 361805, user_id: 1866947, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
Cab booking for round trip to Meerut city  on 20/09/2016 what will be charges Report Timing 11:30 am
can i avail the offer?
Are there any private buses
only in morning
any link you can recommend me for downloading music
can you please share near medical shop
verry good
oh.. sorry... hope im not disturbing you
is that the final score how many overs left
what do you think who s going to win
haptik is useless..delayed responses
give me the status
Any Telugu movies playing near me.
I've to go to Delhi from pune on 28th Oct
Order chicken shawarma
What is the ting of 1st flight frm hyd to mumbai
dont call me at 6:10 i already wake up
what is the cheapest rate of flight from jaipur to udaipur
hey i just need a maid for today
wake me up in 20 minutes
is refund in process ?
Remind me to take a printout  @ 2pm today
Train from chandigarh to delhi?
please give me recharge 15 prcnt coupon
hi jaan
i now account no
"that's all gaurav	just remind me that and nothing else"
hey fool
rater chepar
can you wake me up at a specific time every morning ?
shaikpet
No don't make it general reminder
Pelli chupulu shows
yes you do n t have updated schedule
is it open now
tabraiz shamsi will do something _date_
75 will be off now?
reminder wake-up
thank you for the score details
hii i wana know any levi's or numero uno showrooms nearby
so sorry it's 11am not pm
Call dnt call
hasan i need a personal loan agent do you know anyone
Tell me the procedure how to book train ticket
How can i go lala lajpat rai from nearest bus stop
Please check Ahamdabad to Mumbai on 2nd oct evening by air cheapest rate
Can u order through kfc...
already complete!
unable to recharge my jio number with 99
give me the number
plz do it fast
he is going to visit i another hour as his previous call is going to take few more minutes.
Want trn tkts from mum to roha two ways
hw to pay landline bill?
just want to know service cost for laptop
Stop them reminder
i am.looking for a massage
remind me to switch off motor after half an hour
hey whats the last match of rcb
Train from durg to nizamudin on 15th October
it was heck of a match
madam i am driver
i wants to book with card
urgent
नहीं
list of good hotels in munnar,kerala?
Pizza delivery
can u suggest me  some free entry pubs in hauz kaus
i will get back to you, thank you
no.thnx
how can i earn points on this app
hi, i want to book ubergo {product_id:db6779d6-d8da-479f-8ac7-8068f4dade6f, api_name:uber, product_name:ubergo, seat_count:none}
how can i booking my train ticket
Anand to Chennai navjeevan express check it
plzz cheak it how many laboratory near by me
who do you think will win _date_ npunjab or kolkata
is fruit salad available in the morning
My Samsung j5
i want to cancell my booking
please ignore
Kanpur to orai
sorry brother i just checked 4 the app
start up it companies near me
Travel to Mumbai
srh vs pjb
great! i'll let you know if i need further assistance.
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 02:35 am { reminder_list: 714651, user_id: 1984095, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
who r the batsmans batting
can you give the latest points table
don't forget to wake me up on time
hey vanisha
search near sector 35
thank u...😃
which is nearer
other trains
send me the score after the match gets over
in november can i see
y d details
do you know telugu language
i've got something to confirm
pse check the pnr status again for the above mentioned
show me cheapest flight
can check which are the movies available in bellary.
The nearest service center is ACCEL FRONTLINE LTD, Address: 5TH FLOOR KHEMKA HOUSE NR DRIVE IN CINEMA DRIVE IN. AHMEDABAD-380052
dd v rcb _numeral_ th match dd _numeral_ _numeral_ _numeral_ _numeral_ ov nc morris _numeral_ _numeral_ njayant yadav _numeral_ _numeral_ nrcb opt to bowl download cricbuzz app _url_
hi there
😏👆👆
on what
Looking for domino's
sorry cancel my booking
gim me the score after the innings is over
timming
i would like to cancel my to-do: morning amlovas at for fri, 03 march at 10:00 pm { reminder_list: 692101, user_id: 1979458, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
i want to know about printers
monica, i want to go by train from pune to  adonee jain tirth. in andhra pradesh.
you are fool i m not peasant i am virat cricketer
bike stickering shop around chrompet
time:10a.m
tel me d near by bone doctors
*offer
hello sandeep
Hey can you stop my water reminder..
I want to see pink at inox in insignia
i would like to know if there is a nearby branch of rbi and whether it is still accepting old notes of 1000.
pls make it 11 am
only for india match give me a reminder
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 721089, user_id: 1984305, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
I want a free ride in a cab. Can I?
do not cancel
hey i m hungry
surat to borivali
kk thank yu bharat
Flight for 4 to amritsar. Depart Oct 14, return Oct 16
pl check bagdogra to mumbai cheapest flight
i don't need a wake up call
Details for ios 10
kisne jita he _date_ ka match
Shubham: Train Running. Reached Station in last one minute.
Hi..can u suggest some veg restaurants for dinner in shivaji nagar pune..
is their a service ...
which travel mode is cheap and best
new task for me
what?!
maps not working
Is there any cash back offer is available?
The electrician has taken the geyser fir repairs,juat wanted to know when will be return the same, we have paid him 1100 of the 2000 odd he has quoted.
presnt table
Is there any charge of home delivery if we order something from amazon
pune team s scorecard also please
please see the update point table
eye frame
laos
pune to mumbai trains
mujhe tatakal mein ek confirm seat milsakta he kya
please suggest fights from nagpur to pune on 7 th march
Looking for the cab
whose is playing _date_
gl nsrh
i need phone number of kvb bank
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 09:00 pm { reminder_list: 711548, user_id: 1983626, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
kaha call karna hoga
could u help me the next month price list of flight
hello deepak!
team squads
i need to book _numeral_ tickets
allahabad to varanasi ke liye koi train
i don't want train route ....only metro routes
menu for freezland
chennai to guanzou
Parlour classes
thanks for the concern
i want to travel
Flight to phuket n flight to Bangkok n car travel to pattaya ...all that is extra
when can we book dat ticket
check pnr status of above train
stuck on this screen
what about match between kkr and dd
do i need to keep my internet on?
hello harsha
nearest metrostation plz
ok. can i use that referal  code in the time of booking
great speed thank you who may win _date_
i want to go for iskon temple
bangalore to shiradi
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sat, 04 march at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 695912-695913-695914-695916-695917-695918-695919-695920-695921-695922-695923-695924-695925-695926-695927-695928-695929-695930-695931-695932-695934, user_id: 1980412, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
india vs bangladesh has already done _date_ how it is showing on _numeral_
where is new garia railway station ?
9th march
thank u😊
91 281-6900800
remind me from 11
i would like to cancel my call ankit reminder for thu, 02 march at 08:00 am { reminder_list: 677497, user_id: 1273243, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
train any dely
swami education comple mahavidhalaya
I want to set up a bakery plant
are der any promo code for bill payments
Train no?
temple
22 2848 9680
not delhi to delhi
Nearby call girls
whats d score
fliets in month of april
i have already waited 24hours
really
i want to change my uber login account first
who s the rcb batting coach
whos player _date_ mach rcb
In tatkal kota is the seat available
still not got confirmation
pls show the ola cabs?
wake up me all day at 8 am
what is tatkal in train?
u removed hotels?
match ki list bhej den
can u check me in my flight free yaa chargeble
Could u check trains in evening
hi who is in what position
ipl team position board
"4pm	today"
i do n t like cricket much
ya i hv registered with another no. on this device
who man of the match _date_
Check flight for Cochin from delhi on 5/9/16
any offer for electricity bill payement??
Need to connect with someone repairing Sofa
no reminder for today pls
Abhi train kahan hai
1 hourly
something in cp?
any offers on recharge?
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 06:15 am { reminder_list: 714374, user_id: 1612134, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i need for tomorrow, but time not sure
did i see yesterdays match
what is _date_ s match predictions
i go with bus.......
send me update in regular intervals
Gm. Could you arrange a delivery guy for me?Some one who could pickup things nd deliver at my place
Call vedant
train from jmp to delhi at 12 september
y u give me cobfirmation right now
hii shruti
thanks but i usually get up in time.
reminder not required ask the electrician to come down
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 693994, user_id: 1979828, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
I want direct bus from chandigarh to ambala
Can you please stop reminder of 3:30
Hi, I preferred Tamil movies
how much distance is there between my location and the guruvayur temple
"i want to know the nearest meenumix company or dealer near my house 	my address	peelamedu coimbatore"
Tell me about AC bus Tata to ranchi
can you send me whole score card of this match
Not heard from you guys on my requirement for Bali and Seychelles tour package ??
sure..
do it fast.
can you tell me final price after discou
matlab isme kuch bhi sat kar sakte hai or vo aapko bata dega aysa hi hai kuch isme
orange cap holders
ezra
will rcb qualify for semis
thanks manish
whose going to win according to you
g nahi sir alag no hai
u there
I want a bus to travel to thiruthani from Chennai
any cashback coupon
status of train no 12503
2hrs
pick up point will be chennai railway station
vikas
Wanna book my flight ticket from hyderabad to delhi
is there any train to chennai- jalore
wanted to know evershine club, kandivali east's badminton court membership fees .
dee means
as i said.u have to give me option for venue.any hotel etc
now what to do
Send me the last price of ticket that I pay for the movie
were kolkata win
as i said.u have to give me option for venue.any hotel etc
I want food delivered in bhoomkar chowk
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 08:55 pm { reminder_list: 726055, user_id: 1980622, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
current location to virar
Can you help in booking of tatkal train ticket ?
what about the cash back??
4416
4642230466
city travel for personal need
hi pranay
say thx😀😀
Am looking for a food delivery daily near Btm first stage
3 rd march 2017
which r the teams with r out of the tournament
i think this app is not help me
gujrat team list
how much is the ticket for _date_ match in delhi and its availability
i just enquiring about o tell when it is needed
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 07:05 am { reminder_list: 688105, user_id: 1055032, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
axis bank
can i pay with haptik wallet?
dhanbad
today morning 7:30 am wake up call
Nearest Dominos
any mall this area
हम आपको पैमैट कैसे भेजेगे
_date_ historical match
cancel,,, no need,,, i'm not ghazini
kindly stop these water drinking reminders
can i have the contact no of these house owners?
in which over rcb win
please show me my near cab
turn off my medicine reminder
Just message me don't call
every wednesday class at 5:30pm
need a cab from delhi airport to anand vihar
I need atm in and around parippally
punjab and dd please tell full scrorecarx
dhoni
from morning 10am to 7pm
can i get more of them ? it can be anywhere in pune
who won in last night s match between kkr and punjab
hi! i want to recharge my phone.{task}
just exploring the app😊
jolly llb
"		i would like to cancel my call someone reminder for fri, 03 march at 07:00 pm { reminder_list: 686031, user_id: 1978024, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
not in the list
no more
hago tum
tell me about mumbai indian
Remind me on coming Sunday at 12 pm for Dish telecast
mujhe idea ke sabhi recharge palan ki jankari chahiye
it's a microtek uos
hotel sai prabha is there
destination is halol
Cheapest flight option from Kolkata to Chennai, on 17th/18th September
ty☺
train no i dont have name i have
i got confirmation msg..but not added msgs
can you please send me list with their scores
for this also u oly
a small request, always call me to remind...don't just text brother{task}
what are _date_ s ipl matches
mam kya status hi gorakhdham ka 12556
i did not want to ride
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 703527, user_id: 1981064, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Jammu to banglore direct train 16 oct
whick team is batting now
Could u please arrange a callback from dishtv customer care
hi pune to mumbai train on sunday 12th
hii what to fill if it ask for the name on the debit card??
eye checkup centre
nearest atm is central bank of india atm
rajasthan to hyderabad
and i donk like you
can you send me update every _numeral_ min
What about Lucknow double decker
can tell me _date_ ipl matches
please inform me when is the next match for rcb
I asked you many of times to switch reminder off but daily it remindes me
Have you time table of st buses
Table
plzz its too urgent
the 22 march 12am reminder which was already set
sir e
hi reshma....can you name me a highly recommended physician near to my locality
Gudiyatham to bangalore train details
Patna to delhi
can u get some disscounts for this theater
samiksha
nxt match for ipl
offline tickets for bangalore
motilal oswal is a firm related to finance in need his number and address of pune
Can you tell me whether seat is available  or not for train .. in this Saturday.. from tvm to kannur
chep
in this schedule why the matches of rcb are highlighted
crisis gale score
what is the latest position of teams in ipl
I want to reach goa earlist possible
Any nearby chinese food restaurant.
6th of april to 15th of april tak koi bhi date mein dekhlo na n any time chelega
wen is nz match
i want to join a cooking class
please wake me up at 6:50 and 7:05 am today
Hi I n my wife is planning to go for a holiday please note not a honeymoon holiday to darzling hill station can u telle the package price for couple plus once I will b traveling by flight one way
wake up call not needed for me.....i have early bed early wake-up policy...i get up early without alarm only :)
remind me to meet amma
later on
also one day stay at hong kong on 27th april   city tour, if you have that kind of service tie ups
who has winning chane _date_ kolkata or hyderabad
time is not fixed right now
as required generally
you alert me at 8726786930 no ok
hdfc debit card offer
hi nanba
i don't know , that's why i am asking you
tel me air india flights,?
how speak english
Train enquiry
any coupon for me
tickets for match on _numeral_ and _numeral_ may
from where to book tickets for ipl
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 420088, user_id: 1895364, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
do u know nearby schools for nursery
thank you buddy, good night take care...!!!!
4129234068
no thanks sir.. im not travelling
shell petrol station
is there any shop nearby where i can buy headphone   mic
thats it
TVs dot matrix printer service centre in Ranchi??
Any cheap food
Plz assist today's train time from yeshwanthapure departure 16528 yeshwanthapur Kannur train
remind me at same time for 2 more days
cashback
15th may ka check kar sakte hain
thanks for now.i will let u know if any
i thought this is a chat bot
can u find me a near by repair shop
_date_ ipl meach punjab vs rcb which play ground
could you give me the score card of kkr from the last match
i missed my flight..i know it's non refundable but the tax is...can you help with that...
Buses from secunderabad to forum mall kukatpally
present match
can you let me know when ipl matches tichets will open in pune city
ipl table please
Hey can u schedule it for every day starting frm today?
tel me
postpaid bill payment not recharge offer
who was man of the match
Don't call
and also don't send any message for drinking water
link not working
why it again pending ?
please show me trains from rgj to koaa for ac 3 tier (3a) on 19-04-2017.
not harish
timing of _date_ s match
Can I book food from home??
wt is the score of ipl
who is the winner of ipl
no coupons?
Any SBI Bank ATM
Can I get a confirmed ticket on 3ac. One ticket senior citizen
ok,thanks it is really good service i m happy .
Delete all my pending reminders
kobe sizzler any offer
food combo offers
may i reach dumdum staio within 30 mins
tq dude
didnt enjoy haptik experience
Nearest hotel at Nauni,Solan
yeh can u help me out with some thing personal
shruti can you please tell me ifsc code of panjab national bank market yard satara
Please help me with 1GB data
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 683645, user_id: 1969451, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i have to pay rs.478 which is somehow not going through. i want to start using ola but it is not allowing. i don't want this ola money ever
at 8:39 pm
pnr 4642174575
Sivam theatre
who will win the match todsy
according your stastics which team will perform well in ipl any guess
and rayol challengera
Hi could you deliver alcohols?
can u please check star buck caffee near to baverlly hills shastri nagar mumbai
what's your name??
No i need ac bus
rcb stats
kya rate hai per night
what
हे
westside maal
please stop the reminder
venus restrurent near patia bbsr
give me ola cab coupon
i m nt gettin exact scores
after every match
Stop water remainder
hey vipul
but drop point
thari mai ko bhosyo
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for everyday at 10:00 pm { reminder_list: 717715, user_id: 1984605, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Hiii mam good morning. I want an infirmation regarding seat availability of sanghamitra train.    From nellore to bangalore. On nov 4 th in 3rd ac. 2nd ac or first ac
this is 1st reminder and 2nd wake up call by 6.15 am 2nd feb
nearest hotel
please remind me to pay rent tomorrow at 9.30 pm
no it was showing me the other day match
hi i need help
point table
k cool
no cash plz
what to do if my connecting train was delayed
set reminder again
pls off the remainder
You said there are no restaurants near me ,then what is use of assistating me to order food ??
yes but i need a box seat
remaining balls
i want book hotel
this been done???
on 10 th march
that link is not working
i want sofa spa
Dont call me for any reminder
cancel all the wake up reminders
Show me..
will let u know
Once more coaching classes comerce
i want cash back on recharge and bill pay
hyd to itali,  how much price
go air
was the score _date_
still not able to see pics
thanks for your help ronak......have a good time!!!!
pvr jalandhar
recharge failed money deducted
by mistake
Check uber contact number
in last match
i want to book a one way flight
ma'am  mane colaba ya cst me bola
meeting with mr srikanth daas has been fixed on 6th march at 5.15 pm @ ess & ess office please attend regards
Can you search ch sbi bank near to sayali
i can text you on messenger
seats =2
lots of love
i want a white wash worker
I wana order food
done?
please cancel the medicine reminder
gud aftnun saumya
_date_ s pune vs bangalore match who was win
repeat the reminder for. recharge for internet on 31st march at 12 noon.
r city mall inox
want to order food
i mean flight
now wat match gng
naghaur to mumbai
still not fixed
hii jay
ya plz du
Wake me up when September ends
ok thanks ..
Train to tiruttani from central
will you tell me the time schedule of sanskriti kunj gandhinagar
Puri howraha one ticket
can you help me out??
new movies
Please check the availability of shri shakti express from NDLS to katra and uttar s kranti for return.
at rt nagar
let check
not getting any discount
10/6/2017
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 05:00 am { reminder_list: 698866, user_id: 1687841, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
my current location is parbhani
of what use will that be to me?
this my post paid no
piya pani
sorry not pm 10:15 am
hello...any good science fiction thrillers you recommend this weekend along with ticket availability?
"i have to give my bullet for service this sunday morning	so please remind me on saturday and sunday morning"
Any cashback offer on idea prepaid recharge?
no thanks for the moment
i need hdfc bank atm bro
gujarat mail?
where ind vs aus is going to held
i want parks
i am getting notification only
thx sneha
give me 6pm shows
himalaya mall ahmedabad. system is unable to fetch location. destination is iskon temple  ahmedabad
hi..{task}
n send todays time tabile please
hi, i want some help with train travel {travel_train}{sts}{task}
nothing else just keep me updates on 
how are you?
how was the movie rangoon???
dont have a pnr
need ipl point table
could you sms me the result of the ongoing match
I had set the alarm to 6am
yes... who r u? a robot, right?
rcb squad details please
ya check
Remind me to update the Mobile in adhar card at 11 am tomorrow
Travel plans to Singapore
You were supposed to remind me from today.
hyderabad to visakhapatnam on sunday morning
thanks to haptik
wo option bhejo na
tell me latest full score board
Is there any fresh fruit juice delivery point nearby?
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 05:30 am { reminder_list: 727331, user_id: 1986862, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
punit are u a robot
bus allahabad to rewa
free charge bold moment player list
no sorry by mistanke
Tell me Raaz reboot show timing in cenepolis patna now
thanks for the details
which is the theatore is near by me
ji
please show me trains from ndls to rpj for ac 3 tier (3a) on 04-03-2017.
Please give me a reminder call on this number 8892232232 for vendors meeting
hi... shreya
maybe you can also check for bulk bookings
is it your job..to assist the customers
nice talking with u
Could you book a tatkal ticket from irctc.co.in for me tmoro
can u tell me timings of pink at cinepolis aashima mall of today's
i wnt a rent shop in supela or in kohka
i always forget to take salary
rahul raj mall,surat me bhi ek hai uski details bejoh
"lucknow to indore  flight	on 10 of march	any low cost"
electronics repair
i want to go itarsi
reamind me for water in every 1 hr
not tomorrow only 11th march 2017, 07:30am
Ms dhoni in big Cinemas near me
run status
any offer on mobile recharge or paying mobile bills?
rajyarani
charging
Need pizza from dominos
which theatre timing
wake me up in 6 hours
hey sakshi i still but yr
near by beauty parlour for men
i think you are working at wrong place bro. change ur industry or learn to search right facts/details if u want to help others.
Is Indigo pet friendly ?!
what is toady s match
Will u please order it?
The package details which u sent me for go a is it for couples or per person
show me mumbai indians remaining fixtures
pnr number 4127378353
same one given above.
Nearest sbi e-corner?
Andra bank atm
no thanks
rcb match schedule please
let me know the nearby dermatologist in thiruvanmyur
hi......
tell me how can i connect to the plumber
Call me at 8699026909
Table clock
ok now you will tell me how to n what to talk with u why don't u quit your job instead of interfering in my matter because you also don't know to accept your mistake
live
i miss you 🙈
not train number.
2428731753
how are you??
do hard rock hotel goa has bath tub in all room category?
when is india pakistan match
follow up for ing closure
date: march 1, 2017
imphal to delhi
Stop the water reminders
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sun, 05 march at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 717181-717182-717183-717184-717185-717186-717187-717188-717189-717190-717191, user_id: 1984524, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
please provide me hkv area
it is waiting or reserve
"it's time, simran! let's get started on your to-do list!	task - pay rent"
"		i would like to cancel my `wish rajat happy birthday!` reminder for sun, 05 march at 12:00 am { reminder_list: 704304, user_id: 1819325, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
nyt
whats todays matches
good morning!
i recharged my mobile but still money not yet came
where is icici bank
full summary of delhi bating
its not not needed npw
mujhe iske match okay schedules bata sakte ho
did you watch it?
I want to book irumugan in kamala
hi! i want to recharge my phone. {task}
please show me more flights
i already ordered!
ok. thanks.
ok atleast can u,make those msgs stop.?
Want piZZA DELIVERY
need to set few reminders
who will winn
"yday night i was trying to book a cab but didn't success.. 	yday showing offer of 75 rs flat cashback..	so still i am eligible for that?!!"
thanks for reminding :)
Can you please tell me the show timings in roxy for raaz reboot?
nearby restaurant for lunch
sorry no money
Andhra bank atm
can u search for some good tattoo shops in kozhikode
Ishan birthday reminder please on 29.9.16 night 11.00pm
tell me your prediction of _date_ s winner
Can u get best rate cutters for local calls on aircel in West bengal circle
Call me at 6am in the morning
on 15 early morning
tell me in kohli s _numeral_ nhow many fours and how many sixes were there
turn off water reminder
"find me seat available is 2 ac availability from	thane to jhansi 	on 04-03-2017"
no i m talking about confirmed ticket is available
just dikna hai...
hi pranay
any tamil movies latest release
no updates on who won the match
Sorry I canceled the trip
bahubali 2
morning alarm
anyways i liked it
can u help  with the menu
Hi can you please set this reminder for daily.
ola
i will pay by paytm. please give cash back offer.
Chiken
no of guests 2
thank u..just greeted u
after this text me any team wins the match
i'm 1.5 hrs
nope. mistakenly cancellef
leading run scores
Remind me to fix my watch today 3pm
i want to know about cash back offer
tell me after _numeral_
i want every possible update
icici bank near mukharji nagar
hi i have some cash back in my account.. for how many days it is valid
will u help me for body fitness and healthy
Hey Haptik, i would like you to stop the medicine reminder. Thank you
want book cab
i want change the current reminder
and do you have virat kohli s interview link
but how is the match going to end which team will raise the cup
to my mobile
are you human.?? really???
what is the target to chase down
which theatre in rajahmundry
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 06:00 am { reminder_list: 653778, user_id: 1968602, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can you check this ticket for me in tatkaal?
ni bol rhe ho
is there any offer on rec
tell me schedule for above flight
burgerking have
Send me the menue of sankalp restaurant vadodara
keep me updating the score
mangalore
flight to guwhati from durgapur
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sun, 05 march at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 711526-711527-711528-711529-711530-711531-711532-711533-711534-711535-711536-711537-711538-711539-711540-711541-711542-711543-711544-711545-711546, user_id: 1983275, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
what are tourist places in kerala
holywood movies
i want _date_ s match points table
i want to book a ticket in pvr fr sunday
new month
Can you tell me places to visit in Udaipur
nthng poooo
pl discontinue the reminder
officr
??
latur
"		i want to know availability and fare in ac 3 tier (3a) in train number 22634{product_id:22634_clt_ers,api_name:trains_api}"
"remind me to send rc rq for global 	by tomorrow morning 9 am"
Ticket cost?
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sat, 04 march at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 707087-707088-707089-707091-707093-707094-707095, user_id: 1982381, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want to know that the train no 12558 is running on time or late
What are the show timings..???
you need to tell me how much do they charge
could you please confirm match score
ipl win updates about it
Train fair from Chennai to madurai
i said i need each over detail
any kotak bank atm
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 06:30 am { reminder_list: 715123, user_id: 1984258, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
no the
hi, i'm interested in watching rings (a). {movie_name:rings (a)}{task}
shreenivas tell me how many matches does a team need to win to qualify for playoffs
ya i know .will bother you when i need it thanks
dear
thank you i will choose and tell you
this remainder gives only once or every day ?
okay give me update of that match please
tc
what is the story line of guardians
i need a ola cab
a lot
how much runs do dd need
is there any offer on train
it's a landline bill, i don't remember the exact amount!  somewhere around 400
I am a lone cycler looking for best places to visit
hellllloooo
hi mohit
find me gym
no thank
tough time for gujarat lions
my hotel milan in booking confirm ???
no sorry. wrongly typed
4229325767
I need a Andhra bank atm
whats the update of the todays match
akash institute
75 cashback ??
aur nhi hai kya
iam hungry
do not wake me up
westin
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 686311, user_id: 1978257, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
from chennai to coimbatore
hello are you there
icici smart shopper debit card
Chennai tatkal
rater chepar
But You couldn't help me to plan a trip inside the city only now you are telling about entire trip
any update on yuvraj singh s injury
thank you for disturbing me in my sleep
what are you doing ?
leaving sunday
guptil out
How much time will it take incase i order raw chicken 1kg through u?
Duronto trains from tata to pune
no i don't want to cancel it
will tell you
very long
give me number of dominos ghodasar branch
Which is best restaurant in malad ?
i got it
sabri ex ka kiya taim hai sornur se
aruku
Nearest atm of central bank of India
mail me tickets
are there any offers on postpaid bill payment on haptik?
i have tried paying my mobile bill from your app 3 times
Reminder to Book Travelling by car at Uttarakhand to Badrinath and back from Haridwar
i want gas station..
Give me reminder at 9.10 am today
ok jaanu
love you
not valid on cash means
aaj maine ek baat sikh liya
how may i help you _date_ sir
Near pub
i want comfirm seat
nanded to pune
kindly wake me up today at 8:30am & 8:35 am today
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 05:45 am { reminder_list: 251690, user_id: 1702372, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
delhi-chennai on 14th march indigo around 10:00 am amount ??
watch match csk
no thanks...
kadhal kan kattudhe
i need discount only
thats it tanu
actually i need to carry a bag after one hour
can you please check the procedure to bring some bottles of whiskey from goa
Can you please send me curries restaurant's (bodakdev, ahmedabad) phn number
How about pandian express ?
train no 13226 madhubani kitne bje aayegi
After evry 1 hr can u remind me 2 drnk water
remind me of attending an interview for 9pm today
Tomorrow Show timing in pvr and including ticket rate
Tell me one person Air ticket cost From Delhi to Mumbai
Idea pune net balance check?
Can u plz help me with tha flight on October 1 from Jaipur to pune
send my previous booking on mail
Car cab from Jaipur to bikaner
dates of ipl matches in rajkot
i want food meenakshi
cn u tell me the fare
No more reminders please
please show me one way flights from dehra dun to lucknow
tell in hindi 😢
i want to know a wifi setter in gurgaon
what does the point table looks like
departure: 09:05 am (16 apr)
Dinner for tonight
wakeup call monday to friday at 6:30am
bms  pe  koi  offer
i would like to speak to airtel agent about airtel payments bank but i am not able to reach anybody because it doesn't give me any options could you help me with that if you have any contact numbers
i want sbi atm to nearest my location
are you a computer device?
i had booked one railway ticket previously
please find a flight with defence quota
i want bocue shop near by me
yes please let me be updates every day with this ipl match
Hello can u wake me up by 9am on 20 September 2016
4om
Check in 12th november
please remind me to  drink water
Require cab for Jodhpur - pali - Jodhpur  tomorrow
tell me about discounts and fare
thanks. for ur personal information
No, the package must include kasauni and ranikhet apart from corbett and nainital.
ya i receive call
location velachery
this is old point table i think
I wud lyk to cancel a reminder...
not this roat
Altrernatives of induction cooker
i need to order food
im not at that location right now
yes and they have plenty of good hitters
उबेर से कैब बुक होती है क्या
_date_ ipl which teem match win
anyone
read my message
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 686951, user_id: 1978360, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
why are you disturbing me
I wAnt recharge 200 any discount or cash back offers
purple cap holder player name please
Recharge amount 31
last _hotel_ scorecard
who hit much runs for dd
12chk in
ola please check
helo pranay
Hi can i book for the flight 6-E 605
howrah avani mall
2 chocolate chips &4 kesar pista ice cream from Cafe Dlite
blowing score
main i know the menu of haiku?
Have set 2 reminders.. for 7 a.m as well as 7:30 a.m
i need flight within hour
lunch
bro i need this back in my bank account
cab would be coming in 2 minutes
can u suggest me where can i find best tacos
in morning i drink lukewarm water
I need to go to Florence from Rome on 6th Oct in the morning and from Florence to Venice on 8th morning
jio office near by
no i don't want to
gloria gym location is wrong what ur sending
sorry i have n t interest in cricket
what about the last match in pune
is there ipl matches in mumbai n pune
no need again anjali it's finished already
plz provide me cheapest flights details
balls left
Remind me to check my WhatsApp
sir didnt get cashback
Hi.. Plz send me the cheapest fare to Bali on 5 th Nov n return on 8th nov from India
from dharti co-op hsg
if you do n t mind can you please provide points table too
Thanks for the reminder..from now on i dont need any reminder
can you please all reminders
😂
any other way?
balaji mandir
m not a first tym user
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for thu, 02 march at 06:26 am { reminder_list: 678171, user_id: 1048885, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 02:10 pm { reminder_list: 637855, user_id: 1961865, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
have u gone mad ?
from surat to kalyan today
2tier ac wil do any which is available
want to pay electricity bill provide me link
can you hook me up with a great hotel in goa ?
Hi Mr Krishna, Your booking S0916-2723255 @ 1:00 pm, 13 Sep 2016, Lohagaon Near Airport, Pune is confirmed. Driver details will be sent 2 hrs before pickup time. For further assistance call the local trip management team 0 90 4545 0000. Have a great trip.
hey hey i need a help
sir amazone coustumer care ka number send karo to
abhi nahi...
i had cmpltd
telugu, any offers
Need to book 2 train tickets today
get me the availability of tickets for pune matches played in pune
can u tell me where vimalnath stockist in barshi solapur dist maharashtra exact address
see you soon
Pest control number
travel booking
dont want to book as its in waiting
from uttam nagar to kapashera
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 714736, user_id: 1973653, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
i said one way
can u please look where is the geony mobile authorized service center near rohini
ahmedabad-mumbai- dubai _flight_ jet airways
who will win _numeral_ ipl
Which movie running in srr theatre in bellary
is the refundable ?
having my breakfast
appointment dental treatment
plz reminder me
give me new user paytm cash back offer for online payment
box
Thank you.. can you also delete all the wake up calls?
galat h
ka be
would you tell me the review of the match
royal enfield showroom theni district
sorry cancel this reminder
date of ipl semi finals
i think the nearest is just 100 m from my location
evening only
hey can you update me with the score s
We friends are planning to go goa in train so I wanna know about the expedture 3to4 days
will i get 75 rs cashback if i pay just pay ola money 100 rs and next 210 rs in cash
where can i dry my panty
remainde call
which cab
si 3 in palazzo
yesterday i took ride and bill receipt not genrated
do u hv any offers on movies?
kissiko tp karna hoto,, koi solutn h aapke pass😬
2 nights
discounts
International
Clear all reminders
wait vil confirmed
_numeral_ _numeral_ whose score
water purifier repair
who won last ipl match
mr. fried chicken doesnt serve chicken shewarma
i cant able to share location
no, thanks..
why dont you remind of pune s matches ipl _numeral_
light chali gyi nplz ball by ball update dete last over ka
why did you make it payable by cash?
need iso certified steel manufacturing company
hyd team
can you please let me know what is the normal consultation fees charged be legal firms in bangalore ?
Places to visit near Yamuna bank
the last game
hey khushboo
please help me in thia regard
aapke pehle konse asistnt the muje
i wanna book travera
stop remainder to grab a glass of water
no response
from where then we will do payment
who is next batsman from wi
if it is anything have i will tell you
give me update
Need a cake
updates on pnr status pls
may i know ... i have any discounts on dth recharge
or chouka
I want you to give wake up call
right
tell ne offer meenakshi
score card last match
no tx
when wll be the frst match
scratch that pls.
how is 24 hrs calculated
for vankhede stadium
how to see offer in book my show
Book my tickets for msd
calculate for me plz
your name?
location kolkata
sewree
I had set a reminder for medicines on Monday, Wednesday and Friday
i want something for dinner
how can i get remainder..by message r call ..
but how do you handle it?
272176 where is pincode number
please send me live scores
ill order it later
i need _numeral_ tickets
mi won great
is that vanisha?
i am not able to pay from my wallet
can i get some hotel near goa beach on 11th
when is the first match
wat time the match would stsrt
Medical store near me
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for fri, 03 march at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 693945-693946, user_id: 1929815, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
it is a phone
low fares guwahati to madurai 30/04/17 army service man gotta
stop all the reminder
sure and thank u so much for assisting me
Good romantic love movies to watch as a couple
ok i'm waiting
then nearby airtel office
I need a call a day before
What is the cheapest rate for the flight
hi padma
please check and confirm
i have to book bus for munnar
could you help me to find out any indian restaurant near by this area?
Madurai to chennai flight time...
no plan to ride now
Punjab national bank ATM
of this season
next month
from ram nagar to kukatpally
Can u get me train timings from ekm to Coimbatore?
plzz don't remind remind me more
on my mail
thanks interesting
plz tell me near by atm
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 09:05 pm { reminder_list: 548914, user_id: 1934872, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
hey i changed my mind thanks for help
who won between pakistan and australia
hey remind me agian to call mahendra bhai
thank you ms.renuka😊
i have to complete my journey in two trains due to non availability of dirct trn.
i love you yr archna
Remind me today at 9.55 in the night to watch megha build tv show
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 719893, user_id: 1982674, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Q cinemas 7 30
Samsung service centre around guindy,chennai
What about my water reminder
Every 1 hour?
do not know the train number
if anything required will open up it again
ho thanks
cancel the booking as of now
catch flight
second hand book shops
united bank of india laxminagar address
then i will get any coupon
ap btao kon movie lgi hai
u r real person
not through reminder just voice call
indi road to arsikere
i had an cashback offer of 15 % on recharge,  is it valid,  and last date also
how many atm in shahahpr
today at 5:30 am
where is nearby aircel store?
i am checking the app only
kkr or kxip
hi meenakshi madam good morning have a snowful day
rajahmundry dwarakamaayi #80-23-23 second street,jayasri sai institute college andhra pradesh
bibaho dairy
hey can u pls stop giving me morning wake up calls
mmm mobile recharge
waste
thanks yusuf
who won todays semifinal in womens world t _numeral_
Kannada movies
Places to go in baroda
plz remind me with call.
flight for goa on 14 th march 2017 from delhi
no cancel it
jdidj
is there anyone ???
mere ko discount kitna milega rc karne par
sorry pls cancel
tell -_-
indigo planes in mumbai
Kindly find me paytm recharge code promo code
offer for electric bill payment
7.00 remimders for gm
can you confirm if the delivery is done
ipl stuff
live match score ri
not intrested... because review is not good
thanka
any offers on movies
CCD
have u placed my order?
sorry i don't want you cancel
For bus ticket also you can...
i need you to do an online check in for me
11/21/2017
is there any chances for mumbai indians to qualify playoffs
set reminder to drink water every day from 6am to 10 am and 6pm to 10 pm
"hey 	nearest moto service center chandni chowk"
you people give information after the match wins waste of useing it
near kotak mahindra bank
i want card payment. how?
do i need to link my ola account to book a ride ?
we are planning spend some time in goa
good restaurants nearby
can i use abusive words
kolkata to katihar
i am not confirm but it would be after 25 may
2-3 days back i send u to book hotel near guwahati airport.u send me some hotel so i want to go for hotel palacia inn
hi.pls cancel the wake up call
could you please suggest me a good honeymoon place within india for the month of april
thanks saumya
can u find me the atm with cash
may i know the scores
Can i set a image reminer?
i want package details for kashmir and near by areas
is vk still playing
where is to do list?
matches for _date_ and playing _numeral_ team
Set it
any offer on tata sky payment
no time perfrence
Theater
I Mena I'll forget what the reminder is about
Can I know which movies released this Friday?
Can you set two reminders
do you hotel booking?
but want to know is there any promocode
like 7pm 7:30
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 05:00 am { reminder_list: 719652, user_id: 1985063, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
nearby any hotel for breakfast
hi any offers
Can pizza be delivered at this time?
shilpa i have scheduled some reminders
Train from pune to akola on 21 september
save 1000 rupees means
Bro plz stop this reminder
i will drink once i reach home thanks
no just want your personal contact number
da
nearest like laxhmi nagar geeta colony
Can u suggest me some hotels of goa for 3 person for 4 nights
wl?
I want you to book a room in haritha resort kakinada
rbc vs kkr
who s team win
its too costly
no 13th of april ka
need bus ticket to ananthapuram
do you also text on my behalf
players of both team
below 3000
nothing else
do you have some options for sharing taxi from mumbai airport to pune
what's code
Remind me everyday to wake up at 7.00 am and 8.00 am.  To wake up and study
how is your job?
live commentary please
update me on wt _numeral_
movie tickets for tomorrow
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 04:00 pm { reminder_list: 307525, user_id: 1735560, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
need blue ice tea
next saturday 9 am
"		i would like to cancel my `wish aai happy birthday!` reminder for sat, 30 september at 09:00 am { reminder_list: 550116, user_id: 1931611, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Cheapest pizza?
hi may i know near by beauty parlours and general physicians.
i am at kollam
wilk srh win the ipl
while leaving i want to carry my watch along with me
"reminder- instagram	6.25 pm today"
sleeper
i just need rcb vs dd
is yuvraj fit
Coromondal express or tjp express have available seats on 20th Nov in 3rd ac
food dilivery
Allahabad bank atm near atharva college
recent
Remind me to call Vishal soc @4 pm..
onward date - 19 january
Status of this flight
good bye
Check least fare for 28 Oct in flight
hydrabhad team player list
ahmedabad to chhota udaipur
i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 06:10 am { reminder_list: 640460, user_id: 1496877, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
holiday special
"surprisingly 		no one visited but i got the below message 	our engineer jasbir of the service centre asp gurgaon has provided services for shark 900/12vdc digital home ups to you."
☺👍
but punit from the irctc app i found out that there are seats available
jaao na be
please remind me to wish prangana tonight at 11 30 pm
I want to know about train Lucknow to barabanki
only me😊
can u send me please bus schedule from latur to parbahni
do you book pool rides?
hahahahaha
may i hellp you
Can you find me a swimming pool near by my place
plz find address
let's stop these medicine remainders
i want lawyer with notary near
then y did u book the flight
do it
i use you info for registration on internet banking
is there any offer on book movie ticket
current score _date_ s match
i am having a problem with my tv remote. could you please tell me where i can fix it?
hdfc times
this is preet
any people can understand other languages?
i will ask you when i need. thanks
who is first batsman of india
suree
women s crickt
don't remind me
can you delete the wake up call
i not have money
please block a 14 window seat for amit
Could you check train ticket from panvel to Kozhikode on Oct 2nd.
i want to know price
purple cap holders list please
price plz
cancel  all reminder for some time
rate is per session??
_date_ kisko man of the match mila
please talk to dehradun bike rental
hi i also miss u guys but becouse of my busy shadule i didn't check ur app sorry🙂
i cant able to share location
gudnt n take care
send a vodafone postpaid bill promocode
how come
Plz send reminder only via notification
Near by cyber cafe
SBI pls
my destination is kap
Give me the b3 star hotels at mahableshwar
what is wrong with u
stop reminding me please.. the reminders are too many.
k..thanks btw
Provide me superhit movies of DEVANAND.  PL make it fast
Remind me via message to call
live scores and playing _numeral_ of both teams please
i have not yet booked
sorry i'll just press
koramangla
who won the premier league
Find me the nearest rto office
gyms names
nearby aur reminders dono me baithe hain
any train offers
what about mumbai india
ohm sirsa
now..
hi any outstation taxis on ur list
y hv u sent these many msgs
monday to friday
veg only
oh
"add a new to-do	task: logan	date: march 2, 2017	time: 5 00 pm"
fukre
😢😢
do n t stop updating
is there any service available for delivering fruits to home
I want idbi bank
i just recharged but recharge not done
if you wan too many details, cannot help
can i have their number
"find a train for 2 senior adults 	from delhi to chandigarh on 6 march"
no flights under 5k?
at what time india vs pakistan mtch will start
decided time to start match
hey i am talking about mi vs gl
i dint get _date_
something went wrong aara h
waiting for the confirmation
bom del on 7 morn 830 flt an return 8 jun 1815 jet
tell me score of the match
delhi to ujjain
what the fuck?
after india victory
thanks for your help.
how can i get tickets for it
"date: march 3, 2017	time: 5 40 am"
Actually i need no more alarm for 6 am
Clear all remainders
yws
u 2
Thailand trip for 15 day
aabe chodu me hi tuje puch raha hu movie suggest karne k liye
lyt lo
msg me score after every over and
ok thnq shruti
Hi..is there any offers on movie tickets..
i just want to remind me online sale of redmi note 4 @12pm on 8th march.
nearest metro station to nehru plenetarium
Bus tickets?
anyway thankyou..i gt it.
no... thank you...
in the same train
3-5 pm
how to activate dnd in my aircel number?
Do you book cab ?
remove this alarm
sbi bank
kya lgta h ipl kon jeetega is br
any coupon for recharge
i want to go for movie on sunday
no of ppl is 25
to do
hy
nice one
4pdnai please help with seat booking for this pnr
stop all reminders pls
i am from andhra any other discount
bakwas
tell me start sunday holiday
Can you find train from bhopal to delhi for today itself
what s the score of the match
i want bank of baroda
no ...thanks
can u teach me?
message me now
let me know the current pnr status?
hey what the current score with batting scores
ha
Sir it's confirm tickets ?
Are western railway trains functional?
the same trip is on 05/03
is there a way i can check the prices of the rides before you book it for me?
8657386757 yas
any flights?
Where is dell service center?
how much price for mumbai vs kopkata
tom ipl match
Get me a nearest resort with food and swimming pool
are there any ongoing offers for electricity bill payment?
i need ipl match tickets
by the way... are you real person?
bta skte hai kya
cab you tell. me price
please show me trains from pune to tna for second sitting (2s) on 01-03-2017.
tell me that any ipl match at mohali in btwn _numeral_ to _numeral_ may
yes done ...booked the tickets thank you
saying purchase cake for pari
Hey..can u plz stop these water reminders
I want menue of at mengo restaurant in ahmedabad so that I can book and order dinner for me and book a table of 8 at 9pm today
is warner stands or not
Hey, can you share the reviews for a movie?{task}
Muze train ticket book karna hai
ipl schedules
srakdh is ref code i used while registering
cool i will
movies in sohum mall dibrugarh please
mumbai indian
i told you punjab going to turn things around
sure but thanks for your assistance..
good mornings
tell me the total fair of economy class
i will talk later
Table reservation
cancel my ride
this match
Hey can I know if there is any flight to Mumbai from Auranagabad on 15sept and it's expense
want to order a cake
can you inform me
Give me current status of train 14650
set it 10am to 8.30pm
daman distance from silvassa
Is all are near railway station of pune
no need only bus
ur just msg received.....
leh ladakh air ticket in best pries
Tell me about trains of tommorow from delhi sarai rohilla to loharu junction please be sure that there time is confirm
yes who won
hi sayali i need tmrs plying _numeral_
Near by axis bank
wana travel from abohar to delhi
Offer for bill payment
sbi atm
please tell me motorola service center
can i get marathi film details....
which app giving offer in electricity bill payment
are there any in vijaynagar
lion
make it very economic
just a suggestion make the use of coupon valid for at least 3 times per user so that we can make bookings by you
how is kkr in the top it won all the games
nashik bluedart office address
you too, thanks.
pune to Ahmedabad 08/11/2016
12130 03/02/2017
in chennai
thank you soo much reshma❤
on
does kfc deliver in my place ??
what is venue of the match
What will be the charges to fix a water pipe from Geyser
Need a bulk biryani order
can i get places nearer to ramada navi mumbai
massage center
Remind me to check Indian bank account details at 9 am tomorrow
and with which team
I got my flight at 4.45
de login
Is it confirmed seat
postpaid bill offer rs1000
again sorry for my misbehaviour
ipl schedule plrsde
hi sneha wanna do lil changes in reminder
i want to stop this reminders
I have to book ticket myself?
i didnt understand why did u give me the address
please help me
hallo
lego batman movie
say meet you soon
how much i will pay for it
i want to also known about bowler
3 pm everyday
i want to cancel now
pasta hut
Train timing from angamali to kottayam on 28th this month
can you tell me the score
Is there any ATM in khoor
can you give me ball by ball update
who is won the toss
_date_ s match scoreboard please
send me the points table -
i am logged in currently.
means online paymrnt
in sai palace garden
please confirm domino's deliver b cebin road moriwali ambernath e
call 996314722 and wake him up at 7.00 am
sir i love u
Can you tell holiday package of bali island
i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 02:00 am { reminder_list: 483555, user_id: 1913335, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
please send me available tickets back to back
mahesh reminder should be 11:50am not pm
i wan na see rcb team players list
"		i would like to cancel my `wish kalpana pannaswad happy birthday!` reminder for fri, 12 may at 11:50 pm { reminder_list: 687159, user_id: 1978393, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
stats of ipl
still you haven't received any reciept
i share haptick
will i get the discount as i got last time ?
have any rooms for rent in jodhpur
kl morning me kitne bjee ki h
choka
okay thank you thank for updates good night
Remind me to check amazon refund next Tuesday at 11 am
lastest
ltt gkp
who will win match between nz vs eng semi final
hi ridhi
1kindly order 1 daal makhni 1 kadhayi paneer 4 butter naan 1 1 veg pulao from hot million panchkula
how much ticket prize ipl
only lb nagar hyderabad
is this the wake up alarm??
ohh...thank u
do n t like cricket
Power  pank
can you please cancel my flight from delhi   to mumbai under the name of sanchit aggarwal
want to know ola fares for out station
Movies shown in pvr guwahati
What is the cheapest package to andaman and nicobar
ahmedabad to falna
sydicate bank
what about tomorrows match
sory
is adam gilchrist playing
i want book ticket of train
where my cab
ok..so what's the solution of the problem
"my destination is- 		airport bus stand, bengaluru international airport, gangamuthanahalli, karnataka 562300, india {note}"
is cashback still there in my account
the offer for discount you told me is not working
hey. i am looking for hotel in chikmagaluru for 8/3/17
are you boy or girl
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 718735, user_id: 1182332, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i need to pay the light bill
if india will lose in this what will be the next match
yrrr faat ko sota h
I want chennai metro train schedule
how to send,the,wallet amount to bank?
show me passenger film reviw
which r good places which r screening the ipl
Swimming pool near dadar
waxing
can you just tell me the amount
one more set at 3:10
thank you very much....
One crispy veg burger, 2 veg king krunch burger
can you send me next match ipl timetable
Cancel that wake up call plss
and share me points
i want to buy ipl tickets
but 75 cash back??
Please call me at 5.30
neha?
akkola to kachiguda
can you help with train num 04401 journey. date 3 march current running status
Get a good discount for pizza hut
bahubali 2 launch date
20a
looking for mall around me
can i see the score card of match
location of nearby kfc
on movie
sorry!!! i am good..
i want check the one pnr status
thalassery
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for everyday at 11:00 pm { reminder_list: 721099, user_id: 1984305, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can u help me with overall feedback of doon public school
wht abt _date_ s match who won the match
electric it bill
no i don't want to book it's too costly
thanks , are they authentic?
Help me with mumbai hotels with infinity pool
Kerala panchkarma
thnx mate
why i couldn't order
waseem
Reliance store, miyapur
Pls remind me every saturday and sunday. For the same
please remind me for all the ipl final score eod
2328626702 pnr
tomorrow for jhanmabhoomi from secunderabad to vishakhapatnam
wb burger singh
hi khushboo can you help me
good dentists around velachery
Is tickets available in konark express?
can you tell me the points table
Hotel radission indore 7 Oct room booking charges twin sharing lowest rate .
i want 75 rs cash back
Can you find me the spa in allappy,  kerala
Validity??
Can u give me discount coupons on dominos
Train fare
i want to pay my electricity bill.{task}
"no need to cancel. 	thank you. 	bye"
what s the position of kkr
14date
ok sharing ola
Best offer cash back on electric city bill 500
ya sure thank you...
any ipl loyalty program
hi sandeep
i want to travel from udaipur to mumbai
hey match started
train from indore to pune on 18 march
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for everyday at 05:20 am { reminder_list: 472372, user_id: 1166611, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
today 5:10 am
remind me to call anjan at pnb on monday morning at 11:30
can u cancel the reminder calls at 10am and 8pm. i have not asked for that
new release
chickrn
will do later..
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 693756, user_id: 1979952, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can u chk if veranda has a parking in the hotel
who won the prev match
nd wat about return ticket
gm meenakshi
soo what will be cost applying code
who r on crease
sure do update me
what was score of mumbai indians _time_ over
recharge offers
hello pooja. why i am not able to book uber cab
i need to book cab for outstation
want it in secunderabad
i don't want..
how can i get final ticket rate
yes the score card of the match
Suggest electric fitting cable in house
Remaind me to purchase alrovera juice
reminder ka kya rha
can u pls get me the buffet details for 6 ballygunge place
Flight for mumbai to new delhi on 4th november
gaya to cota train
are there any clothing retailers in lower parel open till 11?
i m stand at aligarh junction
kanya
hi puneet what do you think about kkr s position
yha par ap hi show ho rahe ho
pnrstatus
3.3.17
pune to ujjain 24th march
delhi to ahmedabad
but i wanted to confirm it right now
please show in business class
i have any discount code n all ?
give me a call for my meeting
what is the least cost to travel australia
how do i
cab booking
so if the ticket is  120rs we  will get in 40rs
it looks very few reminders while i added many
power bank
want to add more
any laundry pick up person
okie thnx
do i get any cash back.
yemman
thanx for wake up me
i want a drop at khargone city from khandwa city
which movie in vizag
Is pink released today
set reminder every month 1st day
Nearby post office
refundable?
get it
can you delete old medicine reminder
Check pizza for me
Tomorry what is the tim of this show in movies tim malad
good to hear
did you read my message?
can u show me nearest reliance petrol pump
Bareilly to tata
sry ! it went by mistake
i wanna go home
Availability of bus tickets from Hyderabad to Nandyal tommorow
all theaters
i dont know about that
Does fc road branch deliver?
ye batao
Assist me with best Vodafone plans
begupet
model colney pune
can u plz find the dotnet centre near chitra i'm coimbatore
who will win the match any idea
need your help to get in touch with air india
which cafes are there in adajan?
who won math yestreday and man of the match
bangalore to indore
"		i want to know availability and fare in second sitting (2s) in train number 14212{product_id:14212_ndls_mtj,api_name:trains_api}"
send the update of mi vs rps
I want 30 flight tickets from kochin to Hyderabad
i just want to know the best pure veg restaurant near me
nice to meet you
near hari shagun lawn plz check
thankq shruti ji
plzz remind me after every 30 mins
no.. i have some other work
with all indian batmans score
for patna
best honeymoon place in december last days nd january start days in aboard
remind me for medicine
please confirm if you received?
wats going on with pakistan match n nwho won nwats update
_date_ kiska match kai
Plz fine me a source from agra to jaipur for tommorow
thanks a lot puneeth
tell me about the places where ipl is screening
how to book bus ticket using debit card?
Where is panjab n sind bank atm
okay send me the scorecard
nd overs
further assistance... hmmm. ok.. can u make me sure which one having money ryt now
remind me to collect diploma from dreamzone
Please wake me up in 10 mins
i want cancel my ticket
hdfc bank
may i know status of match
amount was not deducted from wallet
plzz send in email also
please write a cab for me
i want to recharge
Maharashtra Bank
which update you give me
do i get 15% off?
Just set a reminder pls
please give me ipl _numeral_ chat
who will win _date_ s match
now gujarat is on _date_ position
rohtak to hissar train
hello puneet
i want current score
airtel office
no thankyou sir
exatcly what time does ind pak match start
tell me the live screening place for world t _numeral_ semifinal
I need to visit australia
i want to know the theatres in which it playing and matinee timings too
cancel that cab
jiowifi availability to bagalkot
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for fri, 03 march at 06:00 am { reminder_list: 686315, user_id: 1091718, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can you arrenge smifinal tickets
commando today shows
it's just a beginning
where can i order grilled or tandoori chicken
hey i need someone to deliver custom cake
will get back to you
is there any offers now?
plzzz remind me at 4 pm - today
hey y d hell did u gv me a wake up call at 9.28 instead of 9.30 today morning😖
score of india right now
ok medam
thr?
when dose the match start
can you let me know my upcoming remainders
in tough traffic!! 😂😂
give me a call on every 5th day at 10pm
Yes, my laptop bottom cover is broken
wivket bhi kis ke hai
At wat time does the bus departs
I want to book ola ride
delhi to kopergaon train
I want cheapest air ticket for from bangalore to goa on 13th this month and return ticket would be 16th or 17th
13072 will stop taljhari station pls help me with this
please remind me  for submitting  log and feedback via phone cal every working day
cancel it
virats s score _date_
hyd player _numeral_ name send me
You have to remind me every time
alwar to allahabd train
yes,,time for water....
if india looses _date_ will we lose a spot in the finals
i'll let you know by an hour or two
yeah!
Are the seats available
i didn't expect this.
Hey please change my water drinking reminder to 2.5 hrs frequency
logan is in 3d
can you book me a table at verandha 11 in fort table for 6 people at 9 pm today evening
payment ho gaya sir
Any offer for postpaid bill of airtel payment
Hey, can you find me the nearest MI service center?
Show indian sarri
wow.... that sounds great....all the best....
kesar
can you update me with scores after every _numeral_ min
hi can you please turn off the reminder i don't need it anymore anyway
no i need money in haptik wallet to use the cab service
8074235741
thanks gloria got my order.
mcdonalds offers or coupons?
I've already said to cancel my morning reminder
yes please.. channel no 278...star sports 1 hd is not working fine.. what shoukd i do?
any offers on bookings
1oth march
near by spa
Tell me fair of personal taxi from halwani to nainital ?
standard room hotel raman  place  jodhpur  rajasthan
Can u suggest me the local buses from secunderabad to turkayamjal
tomorrow 10am my home address
stop gym reminder
hi nishant
Could u tell me what are the places to visit in manali??
yes check for trains and hotels
hey, i want to book a flight ticket.
supp wid score
yah helpful
who bowled the last over
what about swanandi
newbie. it was just a trial
i have checked the timing already
Bangalore exp
hi nwho s clash is there _date_
please hindi me btao
can i recharge my
Hey, can you help me with the current stock price?
trin
nice dip
7th march 2017
Wake up call for me at 6.10 am today
need to know where car garrage nearby
saying unable to connect
Can you amend all these reminders on yearly basis
which is the cheapest flight for the month of april ?
U r sure na that u will wake me tomorrow
any offers for hdfc debit card
Hey there can you provide me with travel agency numbers ,since I want to travel from Bhubaneswar to puri
remind me to cut passage tomorow
i think gl can be win
if m not wrong these are total 5 tasks
can i update destination
option missing in my app
which has cash
Can I know the fare of Ola cab from anand vihar railway station to Rajdhani Public School Balaji Road Uttam nagar New Delhi ??
please remind me on sunday  11:00 pm that i have a cost internal
vat of dhd and jhalod
Can you keep me updated on this pnr status ?
please do update scores
Hi.. Kindly remove my morning wake up alarms
bangalore to raipur
but how much discount???
need indane gas service
is there a shuttle service in ola that i can take from btm water tank bus stop to forum mall koramangala
"i want nearest cyber cafe..	will u please find me?"
any dth recharge coupons or offers from your end?
thanq
is there any scheme that if i add money could i get some benefit
i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 01:18 pm { reminder_list: 342741, user_id: 1582633, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
I want to cab booking offers
latest movies right now
Patiala to jodhpur on 10/9/16 train no 14887/24887. Seat availability
photo studio
no score is enough
I want to book a ticket to mumbai
plz do web check in
chinese rice combo
nd hotel chandrapur
please keep sending updates of this match
show timings inox forum elgin road kolkata
any offers on ??
Pls confirm my ticket
since this is important
charges for train tickets
update me with the scores on those two days
Aadhar centre near me
who r u dude??
trains from kottayum to bangalore on 7 th march
thx anjali g
Mr.Puneet, ge. Can you get me train timings of Sholapur (MS) to BAGALKOT.
when and where is the ipl final
all matches time table
awesome that will be all
Find a 5star Chinese restaurant nearby
score card for the second
and what about srh
_date_ which teams r playing
kotak atm
which bus reach there me
can you tell me _date_ s and tomorrows match fixer
lonag
send me schedule of t _numeral_ of india
recharge is not done till now
no probs
pune to jalgaon
on _date_ which teams played against each other
is there any match to be played in hyderabad
can you find a per day worker who can fit a small portion of the house with some tiles?
Bengali movie.
I need the order at 2 clk
For package
there is an issue
i m planning ooty on 18-19-20 3days trip
_date_ started the ipl
winner movie please
who is the man of the match
2maro
washing machine machanic
how many prize if u r delivered to food...
may i know weather a uber taxi is available there or not
hey how can i pay online
Fan reparing
hsi
7 march birthday akshat
pls remind me to deal with mosquito today at 11 am
in ola
Book the tickets of inkokkadu
final khn hai
wake me by your call
cancel and change it to 7 am
Fast food corner
please literally cancel and delete all my reminders
can u arrange best mnp plans
Is any restaurant open right now near me?
BOM to IXJ 11th November 11:25
have a nice day
r u a human...or these are system generated message...
any cab available in my city ?
vskp to tata
from laxmi nagar
leave it
any offer available in mobile recharge..?
Janatagarage near by
will you book uber?
Pizza near
Swimming classes
its a 4ft table
Ihave a small doubt Is there Any flight from mysore to Bangalore
8 am everyday
it's pooja??
even i'm nt sure
plz call me now
10rs tickets in which theater bogan 3.50
where i can watch it on public screen
work done
want share ola
Hi can you please release this reminder as the purpose for which reminder was set is now done
i want to remove reminder. how to do that
u ll call for the reminder?
hill stations near delhi
no harsh...thank u for ur help
means i ll b paying you
any new release movies are there
sure?
kya apke pass bus ki details hai mujhe abhi bombay jana h
any home in guindy
I need taxi
u know that
do we have any match _date_
I want to book flight tickets for mumbai to lucknow...can u plz tell me any discount on tickets...total 11 tickets
why r banks closed today n tmrw?
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 08:00 pm { reminder_list: 723849, user_id: 1986129, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want a private villa near panshet
and how does the to do list reminder work?
tsspdcl
rajdhani
Just set me a reminder for all weekdays 9 am to 5 pm every two hours
Is there any offer on Tata sky recharge
please delete ....
if australia losses _date_ will it help india anyway
my location
chennai to mumbai
nthng like that
news of the game
what about in gajuwaka
what s rcb current standings
No I want for dinner
do you have more options?
i don't have ticket
bhai usa ka visa lgva skte ho
name of players royal challengers banglore
i had already booked a ticket...thanks for your assistance
hello sar
will bangalore win _date_
i need a repair person contact.
update me with scote
okay who was the best bowler in _date_ s kkr game
want to go to laos
Will u plz.  Find d nearest cheapest hotel from bhangarh fort
would you please show me score of rcb
update me wid d score please
_date_ s schedule please
this app
about train
how much i paid any discount
haptik me jahaz k ticket book nhi hote kya
will finch and dwayne smith be playing _date_
carpenter needs
Thanks but I unable to book my flight on armed concessions
i have a query
west indies and india records
for every week pls
atit at it bang on
please provide me with the numbers of shops making customized cakes in near my area
i too hope so. but my boss says that u all are robots and d company is going to be d most used in future.
you guys are cheater
thank u soooo..much
are there any offers??
today .i want to wake up early morning...6 am
any morning train
hello wanted to goa with my family
thank you man who do you think should win _date_
check return from okha to bct on 29th april.
"street number 318	landmark newtown school	narkal bagan newtown"
let me know the summary till now
Help me.wid a nyc family restaurant wid jain food option
kkk
no msg till now
do notify me about india s matches
Half plate red souce pasta and one plate spl mancurian chowmin
gurdwara sahib
Yes... May I know govt bus..
but what will you remind me?
Friday releasing film?
just remind me at 8:30 am that i have to my mummy
okh sure
thank you n nwat abt now match going on
had a great meal
Wake me evryday at 6.50 am for gym
thank you how much did kohli make
yes what s is the score
score upate please
i sad point table
if don't call me again
Train no 12135
tell me abut india n australia match
cst
Mac D order no
hey daniel my sandoz dose are completed
cng petrol station at sundar nagar goregaon?
mi ki ipl ticket booking kase karu
everyday
Once chart prepared plz update me
plz tell the all visiting places near guhagar
k sir but recharg 2 user no msg receive 2nd airtel recharg only, but 1st idea recharg done a sir
all those close to lukatpally
wake me up at 7am
Can I book a bus ticket??
Best data cards of 2g and 3g
pls switch off the reminder
"		please show me more trains.{api_name:trains_api,times:5778}"
Stop remainder fr water
who are fixed for ipl semis
yup i m checking
tea is not good there
oh...in that case cancel it
okay. can you book it for next saturday?
which team in ipl is most favourite
i don't intrested.
"		i would like to cancel my call p.m nimcha reminder for sun, 05 march at 11:00 am { reminder_list: 714319, user_id: 1928879, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
please ignore
I wish tour package with both side flight ticket.... Have any package for me
give me the scorecard
i m doing absolutely fine just came back from a training session i would very much like updates every _numeral_ minutes thank you and have a pleasant evening
kitne price ticket ki
but we don't have any offers on bill payment..??
My friend just checked the ticket rate. 2PM flight jet airways on Nov 1.
thanks u just wake me up at 9:05
any deals for recharge?
Atm
i want to go gaziabad
except sundays
thanks later
any standard chartered bank atm nearby
Vegetarian famous hotel nearby
i am not able to specify exact locations
virat kolhi
which is the match _date_
Flight in lowest rates
we need good plumber i live in apartment
Remainder for every Saturday 7:00 am for "OMAM"
khed
who will win according to you
why pune lost _date_
local train
Is there any Canara Bank Office nearby my home?
chinese restaurant near me
hey nalini
restaurants open now
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sat, 04 march at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 697846-697847-697848-697849-697850-697851-697852-697853-697854-697855-697856-697857-697858-697859-697860-697861-697862-697863-697864, user_id: 1975264, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
one hour once
i want to know ticket rates of ipl nmatch at mumbai nfor bangalore matches
who is on stike and on non stricker end
pl upgrade score
Its okay i want to know the seat availability in setc buses
now it self and fan repair
Earlier i set reminder for wake me up but i got only call from you that is not enoughs for me to break the sleep so please can increase frequency of calling ?
8th july 1996
some south indian veg
please leave it
what is target for rcb
Munar to ooty distance
angamali diaries
wake me up today at 6:45 am plz
no. today
hey , i want to give a surprise to myhubby can u plz suggest a nice place
Can you provide me the flight details from Pune to Jaisalmer and Pune to Bhutan
i dont have any discount coupons
is it possible to get refund if the ticket is cancelled after the train depart from boarding station
hey what the current
Any movies of tamil
amritsar to new delhi
give me some time will let u know
Buses to Chandigarh??
may i know if there is an atm of canara bank nearby
overs for kolkata
paisa hona free kya karna
do i need to download the app to book
k one more
thanks for your message
mumbai indians player list
hey hi! i booked a ticket for the 7th march 2017 to dubai by jet airways. i just wanted to ask that am i allowed to carry a hand purse on flight separately along with my 7kg carry on?
the location is not proper
Book my ticket
gandmare etni dur kon jyega
hundai 🚗 service center
Hi sir my order
indo pak women
yeah...but not now
toss prediction
n can the time for reminders be extended
How can I get the tickets
from chennai to kolkatta dumdum airport
gorakhpur jana h yha se
theatres?
not rangoon it's logan
pizz starting price
please send me ipl schedule for this week
keep me posted
i want to no flight rate patna to mumbai
nz vs england
I wish to know neatest Barbeque Nation
highest wicket taker in ipl
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 713172, user_id: 1983897, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
any extra charges for tickit booking
can you get me t _numeral_ semi final s _numeral_ - _numeral_ tickets to be held at wankhede mumbai
nope.  i am in theatr.
at 1 pm today
Jet flight departs from International Airport right ?
aus vs who
nd yea gimme a reminding call on 1st april as well as 31st march at 5 pm😊
close my morning wake up reminder
Book the evening indigo flight of 10 AM
scorecard of out batsman
plz i dono.so
where is this adreess.. how much away from chandas wathoda tq. warud dist. amravati
my
can you suggest a good place to go tonight?
8:00am to 10:00pm
my electricity bill
what you think who win the match
Get bus time
stop my wake up reminder
i want to know abut  a beauty parlour near sec. 6 karnal
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sun, 05 march at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 714447-714448-714449-714450-714451-714452-714453-714454-714455-714456-714457-714458-714459-714460-714461-714462-714463-714464-714465-714466, user_id: 1982286, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
hey any update about the tickets
am i eligible for 75 cashback?
Pls set a reminder for my Citibank credit card payment due date of 10th of every month.
where is nearest petrol pump
what was result of yesterdays match
nearby hdfc bank
nearby food
Juice cafe/ parlour in Chandigarh
bt in evng
may
would you please tell me when is the match going to start
did rps win
first week of june
i need m r f tayar showroom
_date_ srh won the match please share the updated one
mumbai m khaa
plz notify me when offer is available
recharge is not done still
cancel my all subscription
in how much time bill will confirm paid
yes want to report the driver for this journey to ola administration
one infante also
can u plz help me find out the adress and the phone number of this salon
how many rides have i made
any recharge offers for me ?
at ghatkopar
i want to find a good parlour near malad west.. kandivi west for bridal
make sure i get up
hathway customet care ka no. do
tnx dear :-)
I want new connection of Bsnl broadband
have an airtel no. 08897325233 not able to make out going calls
i am at mahadevpur
have a good day. take care. dear
Bro what time is the train arriving ??
do you have any idea about the sale of ipl tickets for matches happening in bangalore
I want a cruise package for a couple in december from singapore
would like to buy this voucher
hello i need a call remainder at 9:47 today
in airport
i sent u my address before
Hey can you check some offers available today on dominos
give me toss update
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 08:00 am { reminder_list: 698393, user_id: 1980801, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
"12322 	mumbai to hazaribaug road	5/ 3/ 17"
eastern power distribution
sry i was busy at that time
hw r u?
motthot finance in. karol bagh
Special request..  Please make sure i do wake up :)
thank you so much :)
i want winner movie to download
how will i be reminded..?
please cancel these tickets
can u pls check and let me know what movies are screened in vellore (tamil nadu) tomorrow?
can u send after 20mins
hi! i just wanted to know if you can cancel already booked tickets..
hello any offers available for bill payment
4 tickets
Bus routes from dilshuknagar to hitec city
just wait for ten minutes
you book
could u suggest me some good fast food
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 06:46 am { reminder_list: 726962, user_id: 1910656, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
what about india batting
is india lost
offer
ok u disappointed me a lot
where can i find a shop where i can buy material for crafts
no ongoing offers for my number right?
can u help to find my location pin code
thanks really was very much help ful
_date_ acore
please show me trains from gd to ngp for ac 2 tier (2a) on 02-03-2017.
gyan shree  school  noida  address
time
no i ll go with train
just update me evry _numeral_ hour
any new user offer on recharge
pls remind me every two hour instead of.hour
or later than that
6 clock everyday in the evening
i drank enough
what is the status?
showtimes in aundh pune
Plz desable this remainder
could you help me with pureit helpline number?
bbyeeee
Reminder me to take pics
Malaysia visa
Please remind me to fill NEET form on 26th September 16
Need a cab
Hi , puneet please remove my water reminder
kohli i m sure
i will go when i get cheap tickets
i want to pay my electricity bill.{task}
Can u book today the technician to repair laptop which manal discussed yesterday?
bill
hi can you give list of flights to dehradun
okay remind of the _date_ matches
sorry i want to do some changes in my ticket
bsrx to hubli
any restaurants are here?
what was issue?
airtel
great aunty
there's availability isnt it ?
zandral
i want to recharge for jio prime
and whose bating
I asked to set reminder for afternoon
n for toda
for 19th may
Can i know the trains from Nellore to chennai after 6 pm
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 4 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 713590, user_id: 1983988, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
"try calling me multiple times 	because i not a silent sleeper..."
anyone there?
Today 1;30 meeting also 3 :00 o'clock please remain
thn
I need an electrician please
akola bigcinema
this service is free
Hey I want breakfast
Bangkok ticket for 2. On 27th sept to 3rd October.
sure just give me _date_ updates
reliance jio
pan d today 12pm
I want to go patiala by train
no ..thanks
from upl to rampali
others mobile app it is working
need contact details of driving schools near chandivali, mumbai
there is no shop of this kind
kohli makr
which is the cheapest train from ernakulam to panvel on 11th may
3/10/2017
please send me d ipl
Any offers in Airtel recharge
when does the ipl begin
mumbai indians won the game just few minutes ago
I want info..of train  3ac from Delhi to parashvnath jharkhand tommorrom fare and ticket availability
cash hai
akshay
HP 7 voice tab service center near by areas ameerpet,srnagsr,esi,kp,miyapir give details
book uber
how??
lookin for biryaani options
united bank of india nearby
is ka matlab kya hai
movie name nhi
hi malavika
rcb won
total fair
sir i want to book flight tickets
i also want to cancel reminder of 2pm
ok. thx
who is the batsman on pitch now
get flat rs.250 cashback on recharge or bill payment of rs.500 or more. use coupon code hptk250
please send me details of mum to indore
for agra
Check bus timings chandigarh to Patiala
i want to order a cake for my sisters son
Can you please suggest good veg restaurant for group of 15-20 ppl.. Occasion is birthday celebration.. Area preferred Khar West or else Bandra West....
could you wake me up at morning
i have travels booking options.??
what is your name?
Nearby gyms?
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 630917, user_id: 1961158, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
zone fresh 10 mg
can i ha e scorecard
What is the price for ticket of del time royal cruise Goa?
enjoy 15% cashback on your next haptik recharge or bill payment. coupon: darp019cf. max cashback: rs.100. expires in 7 days.
thkx
nasik to shirdi by bus
hi hru
send me the updated points table after the gujarat lions vs mumbai indians match
Uber booking
Distance between polytechnic to thirumala education academy lucknow
vizag to tirupati
which hoshpital is nearby ?
have u mailed me the same
do you have any idea about ups repair
hiiii
can i reverse a recharge
2428799255
Good veg restaurant
kal ke match me kitne banaye
update me every minute about live score
Cyber cafe
Cafes serving salads and green leafy vegetables in bandra
same**
Remid me tomorrow's at 10am to submit fees
Hello.. I wanted do a data recharge on Docomo
sorry i am letest installed one app
Nearest homeopathy pharmacy
i need a lesser price than this
batsmans
wat this
thnkyu nishant
nearby mac'd to new delhi railway station
thank you rajendra
pnr  oi9l6b
can you help me finding lenovo smartphone service center near my location
stop all reminders
what do you personally think about the movie?
Vodafone stor
it*
can i add money in it through paytm
having lunch
pls cancel the order....
book cab
i wanna check the status of my flight
show me theatre near hazipur
mumbai to lucknow
Frequency of Reminders: 30 min
Flight to juba
i need menu of mocha cafe indore
"train tickets	departure city: ed/erode jn	destination city: mas/chennai central	date of travel: march 25, 2017	class: sl - sleeper	number of adults: 1"
mi phone konali
u know kannada
kindly book for tmrw
yes dear good app. really i appreiciate urgood job
hi cn u again check pnr status
any offers on recharge?
i tried to make recharge with using 15% cashback coupan
bro tell me about _date_ s match
I want to travel tomorrow to Hyderabad so I m seeking for train or bus can you help with it
some other time
hi what mach done _date_
change the date
Bagdogra to Mumbai
that's ok
thanks mam
no offer for 4th cab booking?
i just checked & unfortunately there are no slots available for today. shall i place a request for the earliest slot tomorrow i.e 10 to 11 am?this was sent on 27th feb
or kya kya ho skta h
Just find out as to where in rishikesh will i get the bus from?
what time is the train of tirupati
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 1:00 pm to 10:00 pm. { reminder_list: 630138, user_id: 1941232, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
tatkal train ticket is possible today date
Plz help me select the cheapest flight from Delhi to New York. I'll travel on 25th Sep 2016
I want one taxi for 5 people for tmrw from jodhpur to jalor - tell me how to book nd which taxi service or full day any ac vehicle I can get for tmrw
can you cancel the reminder?
i don't know my aunty booked this tickets...please tell me the procedure how can i
nearby mother dairy shop
ok
me puch raha hu ?
please help
any special offer for 9472226968
aaron finch score
n video of all sixes if possible
I cant recall what was this reminder for
is it possible
whts newzeland score
"		i would like to cancel my to-do: it's time for archna for mon, 06 march at 05:00 am { reminder_list: 722043, user_id: 1985543, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
any new offer for bill payments?
want to order dinner
Find fastest train from Ahmdbd to Mumbai
sorry i will plan later
hamra batawa atm kaha ho
tell me new marathi movies currently showing
wifi setter contact no. in
this weekend
hi could u please cancel this ticket
Okay, book a ticket on Chennai express
i m getting this error
any offers for recharge
2:00 pm today
Need food at home?
remind me of this everyday till 11th march
cub atm
How to check if there is a roaming plan activated on my number
Want to order food from M block market, GK 2
Pune to wai road distance
3hrs
i don't have any other number
Book saraighat exp 3 ac
flight fare for bangalore to bihar fare
15888 is for 3 ticket
i want _date_ s match result
hi, i want to book a cab
thank you haptik
I am looking for a tap water purifier
never mind.. my location is not working currently
How long is yeshwantpur Railway Station from Koramangala depot?
so ankita how old are you?
tomorrow from vadodara to valsad
who are favourites for _date_ s match
ca n t give ball to ball update
do jagah duty ...
ya check which movie running in that theotre
i'll pay by ola money
12/30/1899
i didn't get receipt yet...
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for fri, 03 march at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 690681-690682-690683-690684-690685, user_id: 1977778, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
u r so sweet
highest six scorer til now
2553875355
need reminder call
overv
which team is possibility of winning
Yes...please activate dnd on my number
do u know hindi??
I need civil lines Baskin robbins ice cream delivery at home
i need one-time service at bharuch, gujarat
please send the playing _numeral_ of rps against dd
will delhi qualify
error in emoji
loved the match dude
thanks mr wasim ji
loved the service u'll providing
is there anymore reminders
i want to remove my medicine reminder
jaipur to gaya train tickets
the reminder is for 10 pm
12/30/1899
tomorrows match please
7th Oct friend's birthday..pls Remind me
bus pine to beed
bill payment pe koi off hai kya
majiwada thane west
can you tell me the date of rcb next match
you
plzz do remind me to take my tablet..
call amith at 4.38 pm today
i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 06:20 pm { reminder_list: 245539, user_id: 1022178, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
I want to travel from pune to bhopal on 21st October plz  gave me the best discounted flights offer
but there are 6 tasks needs to be  pending..
booked..
Cancel First,tickets on 19 September 2016.
no cancel my reminder for drinking water
bill scanning for relocation...today at 7:30 pm
so wht you think
i want to travel going to howrah by train
is t done
pls check above
rcb rcb
Internet pack end 19-9
no.
hii ankita
"aaa......	improvise the time 	8 am"
vizag to kakinada
Find out train after 10PM tomorrow...ahmedabad to anjar...express
How long will it take for me to go from Kandivali to Marine lines by train
how much distance from aadityavardhan
show full score board
Can u help me cancel my train ticket
give any other coupan
r u boy or girl
Can you please show me a demo
no i need remainder for today
tysm 😘
kya tum khushboo ho
Food delivery at thaltej...any options
Please remind me to finish the Teamwork article
How u book the tickets
recharge i want to do
sunrisers hyderabad _numeral_ _numeral_ v royal challengers bangalore
remind me at 6.00 pm to take a break
Which film is running in light house?
can i import facebook birthday dates
Man, I'm not getting reminder
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 294872, user_id: 1853849, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
ome
from call
Can you find me a express train from Palakkad jn which I can go to Alappuzha on 10th september after 3am
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 698858, user_id: 1980885, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
here train no is showing 19116?
reminder meeting
potheri abode valley chennai 603203
_date_ _numeral_ s t _numeral_ final match na
sunday
any more deal
redmi 3s prime @ 11.55 am today
can u tell me location of miraj cinema
last time it was done in 5 mis
train timing details please
i want nagarvala school enquiry number
varanasi
me thik nai hu
would you please tell me the score
what are the charges?
hey. can you help me with l something very specific?
no thank you but please keep me updated with the score when the match starts
i have added b k sharma
who is winner in _date_ match
other than specified topics you provide details of others too??
do you have beauty service provider?
in dwarka, new delhi
Is MARRYBROWN r kFc accepting online ordering
"sc-hwh falaknuma exp (12704), is yet to start from it's source secunderabad jn (sc).	the train is expected to leave from platform number 1 without any delay."
Find me a cab
are you a human or a program?
30people
😣😣
thanks a lot sneha. have a good day.
can i use haptik balance fr booking my movie tickets
recharge i
remove wake up alarm
i too worked under this chat conversation .i know the difficulty so am rating yu in 5stars
Is there any bus from chandigarh to kathua
ok m baat kerta hu
tell me the current project
thk u
is there any offers for rech?
i want to change the destination address..how do i do that
hey i want to many in this haptic  for further recharge and other work,how to add money?
can you provide me the schedule for _date_ s match
Any deal on domino's
aap kaise ho
No need of tge reminder
Is not any direct train
great help
get me the buses
Can you remind me to buy a gift after 30 Sept?
dear puneet i vl decide and sms
on saturday but first would like to know about charges
including _date_ s match
Coming up Hollywood movies and release data...
Check pnr status
is there any train from chennai to kollam today morning 2:30am
sent me the live score
please stop reminders
Cafe coffee day - 6 pm - 2 person
Where is crossword nearby?
driving schools nearby in kharar
tamil movie list
Do you have any coupons for domino's??
how many matches every team going to play before qualifiers
any recharge offers for me
can you tell me yesterdays match summry
Can I order pizza from dominos from you
hebuli
8-9pm gym
please do web check
nfjfnf
i am asking about bank of india atm
bro is rcb eligible for playoffs
tell offers which is valid for tamil nadu
logan
i have receive a couple of calls
4229108394
Can you try any other train which has no waiting list
i want texi
can u plz find me marraige register at or near santragachi
can you help me to find  good mma practice class near nagerbazar, kolkata
evng 7o clock
Availability of indrani train mumbai to pune on 17th sept
can you remind me whenever there s a match for pune
i would like to watch in chennai
alarm at 3.00 am
"		i would like to cancel my to-do: going to bangalore for sun, 05 march at 09:01 pm { reminder_list: 706971, user_id: 1982270, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
1 mutton biriyani 1 plt paneer pakoda
gud any information about the tickets being available in the first match of ipl
no i am in train
not as of now. thank you
Ping me once the ticket is confirmed
please stop reminder for water.
i need a wake up cal today at 4.40
8726786930 at
more in ipl
Can u order dominos pizza for me?
but i'm getting messages
Hotel grandserina
full movie raees
i hav already set the reminder
rcb is my favourite
pl cancel the reminder
i want to order cake
at 9.30am
ankita pls arrange to to list
6.30am raju
eye care hospital
i need resort in karjat, kalyan, dombivali or near area
please send me live scores at that time
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for mon, 06 march at every 1 hour from 9:30 am to 6:30 pm. { reminder_list: 658344-658345-658346-658347-658348-658349-658350-658351-658352-658353, user_id: 1822150, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
12/30/1899
score of recent match
Reliance  jio sim
i am new to this app...gotta used it for few days first
no i need before 17 th march nd after 13th march
train ticket availability on jansatabdi from tcr to clt today at 7 pm please
Yes I need to put my reminders for medicines and I don't need a call I need a notification for same
can you plz tell about that offer for first 3 cab rides booked through haptic
i want to set the reminder for daily routine
Can you please tell me what is the Train timing of capital express from birpara
i want ola
you have not answered my question.
yeman
top up not received yet
now onwards
ab koi or jankari leni hogi to bat kar longa abhi to rakhta hun namaz ka time ho gaya hai namaz padni hai allha hafiz
hi just i want bajaj bike show room in near by madurai
looking for spa near by
wats ur prediction on mi vs kkr
wake me up at 10 am today
yaman
ipl timetable
_date_ s match can you tell
no don't cancel it.
hey what s the kkr match status
check for train tickets and don't book flight tickets .
Remind me to eat a fruit within 20 mins from now
i don't have pnr.total no of train blr to hyd
what are reminders today?
my outgoing has been barred.
wanr to stop de water remainder
complete details
whose fault it was
will do tomorrow
ravikiran!
Could you give me a quotation for a 5 day trip to kullu and manali.. 2 adult and one kid... Starting from chennai
Is there any train from Kachiguda to manchirial today
k thanks n gn karan
what is the over right now
who hit _numeral_ in _numeral_ balls
sandwich express
tq. body massage in anna nagar
mcd order
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 695529, user_id: 1980382, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
What is the distance bangalore to mysore?  If one was doing a day trip by innova, what would it cost?
so if rcb wins _date_ they reach the finals
any new offers on train booking
not yet confirmed
any ?
chk annual plan
cancel it.
Stop theese reminders
plase cancel ticket
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 04:00 am { reminder_list: 684613, user_id: 1977729, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
before 12
may i know wre is bike showroom for ktm
and what about logan
hreat support..thanks.?
get me d scores
Can you find me nearest money gram
good morning thanu
My wake up alarm instead 4 am i have set 4 pm. Pl cancel
ok...thanks its helpful
is there some where in laxminagar itself
"*add a new to-do*	task: pic up anu from school	date: march 2,2017	time: 5 39 pm"
Can you find me the nearest hospital
someone there ?
Burger
can provide other options?
is electricity bill payment available for my location
hi can you tell me who ll win _date_ match
Show me the package of goa
ok fine
win prediction
i need food places open around me right now !
Can u find rooms
i need the shortest duration flight
hi..
3 bottles
stamp mohar kaha banti hai pl bataye
from dinepost9
i am unable to enter my entire mobile number
sure i will book tomorrow
so you are human?
show me details
Hi..can u tell me if there is any train that has tickets available for 7th oct from Chennai to thrissur
did not get the train ticket?
get me reminder on basis of location
This hotels are pure veg hotels...?
i had call to my customer service also they said that recharge is not done
i did not got call from engg
i want to mobile pay is der any offer available
need to set reminder
Look for cheaper flights pls
thanks..when can we apply this code?
hey i asked for poin table
thanking u vipul
its provides services from agra to delhi...
i need to order kfc
not now.. thanks
thanks, it did...
surat to pune
send me ipl shedules
of ipl
what is the next date play cricket of kkr
I want to know about train from dayabsti to rohtak in next 2 hours
_date_ s match is final or not
Free calls for vodafone
let me knw the playing _numeral_ after the toss
hi i need a wake up call
sure bro
hi, can you help me checkin into my flight?
i want to avail
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for fri, 03 march at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 696353, user_id: 1980483, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
BANJO REVIEW
leave it it's already fixed
i need to books tickts
im in banglore nd tell me the bar near by hotel my fortune
My near restaurent
*what
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 07:58 pm { reminder_list: 299445, user_id: 1735560, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
how many overs had gone
no thanks a lot
tell.me is iam eligibel for one more 75 rs cashback rfor uber ride
screcard
pune 2 nagpur
and set a wake up reminder for 8am everyday
pleasure dear👍🏻
Can u give me burger king menu and offer .star mall,mumbai
how much
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 09:00 pm { reminder_list: 649996, user_id: 1961286, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
you are great
check in ola
dhaba
i have not book online
i want to see only trailer
I want to book hotel for 3 persons
i want to add
who will win todays match
Chicago pizza
yes, please.
give me the score card of rcb
sir we made payment for both tickets link
i want to know if there is any package tour to amritsar this week
whats your name
ha but once every _numeral_ overs
please list bhejo ge ipl ke captain list
and wat abt ola
food is the preference
h
thank you gaurav
Hindi movies jaan
classes in btm or banneghetta road
looking for furniture shops to buy a dining table
12203 running status
yuppie rcb will win
no actualy i want booking ticket for chennai to nagpur
delhi to gaya
_numeral_ _numeral_ nice score
where can i get ipl tickets for todays match at wankhede
Shillong on 21st and 22nd October. Can I get double bed rooms for around 2k per night?
how many run remains
hi wat is the score
ok proceed
one thing i wanna ask
yes pls
bo
now suraj you are online
hey.. u sent me one recharge coupon but its expired !!
remind me to buy a water bottle..
hellooo
party poppers and coffee mugs at 9 pm
hukka parlour nearby iskon?
sorry, i don't need a cab now..
ahmedabad to mangalore flight for 2 adults and 1 child
awesome
provide me the authorised samsung tablet service centre
hey can u find me nearest shopping mall
not right now
movie timings?
Sir i will be check in to kek hotel till 6 pm. On 13/9/16 and will check out 0n 14/9/17 by 5 am so it will be cost for 1 day or two days
i have quick question though
i want to know the fare from bellary to ongole
p a who will win tha final of ipl
who taken the wicket
How can i travel from  pune to Mumbai
_date_ scores of pune vs kolkata match acorecard
what is your real name
Pls share  nearest hookah bar
Available resorts in idukki
next buwaneshwar
a plumber
hi i need hotel in hyd kphb
today shows
kya huya
is it confirm or rac ?
11.24pm it will be am not pm
india takes on bangladesh
good morning. my dear nalini.
mor
looking for disk this weekend
yusuf its.already set just change the time
sorry i want to travel with cab
wassup
hi, remind me to get camera to office tomorrow
saundad
monthly remainders available?
dii keep me updated with the match scores
Marathi new movie
which teams r playing _date_
sry score
watch shops
thank you shruthi 😊😊
tell top ten playrs between delhi and haiderbad
whats ur opinion about dd
and for every boundary for _date_ s match
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 57130{product_id:57130_hyb_sur,api_name:trains_api}"
near uppal
i want to know how will the cash back be added and in which account
could you activate dnd please
mam i would like to book tickets of _date_ match
Hello is this train on time?
upcoming films release date send me
salery kitna milta hai
wats the score riggt now
I want to repair laptop issues
i don't want to cancel any reminder
Buy a ticket
same thing
how can i rate this app?? this app is so good
find me all flights from hyderabad to bangalore from morning
ok cab facilities must be there
hooka parlour in mulund
how to earn points
hi akshay
with breakfast
can i book bus tickets here?
trains from nagpur to gondia
pune njche chali gyi
allahabad station
five people
pump with paytm?????
Reminder to take delivery of new vehicle
apka bhi
then why did u ask?
mumbai will win this time as well
nothing now and u r service and u r fantastic bro i really appricateing to u
result of kings x _numeral_ match
coffe delivery
just let me know the rate before
ok will check. thanks for help
sevagram express
i would like to know the plan
how you remind me.
okwy
I want to know the rate of flight on 17
set wake up call at 8am in morning
thanks surjaa
location plz
uska uska scorcard send kro
good night brother
remove all the remainders..
india s nxt match
i wanna travel to bidar by bus
ya
anjli
good morning. my dear deepti.
kolkata won
it's not for phone it's mumbai metro
jii
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 4 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 421541, user_id: 1887177, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
when was the final match
Trip
please give me every update of india vs wi match
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 10:30 pm { reminder_list: 348791, user_id: 1749306, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can you show me showtimes in gandhinagar?
okay when is the match gon na start
is dr match _date_
okay give me updates automatically
Set for all day
are tickets available for semi final mumbai match
hiiii padma garu
"i want contact no. of mba college of dr	 vikhe patil, ahmednagar"
who win the math
can u tell the movie reviews of these movies..kittu unnadu jagratha...gunturodu...dwaraka..
i'm not able to complete my payment for mobile recharge
Find me tea stall
i want to order a garlic bread from dominos
i would really like so i had uber services in my place..
I want to find a furnished room nearest to me
how long it ll take
at 11.59  on 3rd march,2017
mai bataungi baad me
what is the benefit at 56rs recharge on 9472226968?
12482
ya..of course ..
plz stop my medicen reminder on call
hey i've a doubt
15 min wake me up
i m not helpful yet
i will surely ask u when i m goung
dd match is _date_ or not
good bye ku
about game
this is wrong as venues have changed
both will not work
may i know any changes in time schedule of trivandrum express??
please change boarding station for my tomorrow's ticket
just try one last time with 9176625242
any tickets are available for the next match of srh in hyderabad
Hero moto service center
please confirm me after rcb wins
0
any date in this week
Call me on 022 65332265
Hey any Canara bank ATM near my loc?
quit
what about tickets
very nice who is batting
please stop the wakeup call
tomorrow i planing sambalpur. which trains available?
Avinash train ki ticket abhi se confirm nai ho sakti na...
2 persons
wrong suresh raina scored _numeral_ ball _numeral_ run
will we get discount on booking?
r u a robo?
can i add money
good evening
gud joke
ya sure...but in return u have to be my fb friend😂😂😂😂😂
batsman scorecard
now near dilkushnagar side one bus went
can you give me detail about next match
can you show me match shedules
I want to activate dnd on my mobile. Number
sorry i would like to get reminder alarm at evry two hours
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 08:45 am { reminder_list: 694877, user_id: 1790240, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
oh that's sad
can you find me the nearest hospital .? i am at dwarka chowk nashik
bye.
why did india loose the match _date_
any chances of getting rac for this pnr
founder movie??
gujarat played _numeral_ matches
area
listen na
how cash back will credited
Stop my reminder
hi...please suggest  good budget hotels in hyderabad for 11 april
if they win _date_
any kotak atm near to me
wat happened abt my service man
can i know in which team brendon mccullum is playing
no i did not want
i want to go jaipur today
please check in my pnr number
today 1 pm anand
cancel this reminder
help me punit
in next week
Is there any cab booking
12603
I want to eat channa kulcha
i want to book a hotel
may i pay punjab state electricity bill
ty
full details of match
can you give me information about doctor in hindu masaba
give me offer
cricket scores nstats
Book one ticket 10:15
no i'm good.
can i get cheaper tickets to bhutan
not march
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 704529, user_id: 1981275, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
totally they have created havoc in almost every match
park
Deccan express
from chiplun to pune
taken
in mumbai wankhade
Can you tell me where is idea service centre in mulund area
it only showing 500rs ticket
can i now service appartments in vij
"		i would like to cancel my reminder to 'hello' for thu, 30 march at 07:04 pm { reminder_list: 692399, user_id: 1689770, task_name: other, offset: 5, api_name: exotel }"
please give me sbi bank strike information
is there any offer to get free pizza
hey can you find gift shop in rajouri garden market
I want to wake up every day in this time
i'm going to dubai
hey please help with updates
who is the captain of gujarat
if the flight fare is refundable, what's the amount that shall be refunded?
can you please help me finding the cheapest flight tickets for two people from dibrughar to goa on 4th of may
looking for flights
Is 6.30 pm air india flight from mumbai to ahmedabad departure, right time. Give me phone no of air india office in ahmedabad. Thanks
delhi to jammu
Tell me resorts at Tarkali beach sindhudurg
prices r high pooja
now i am ok
who do you think will win now
how many matches will one team play
near rajajinagar only vegetarian
Rwmind me at 11 am today to pay phone bill
good night ..
Can u check flight for bangalore to bangkok 20dec and return on 24 dec
just once.
how to recharge mobile
aqua guard service please help
message me
how to apply refferal code?
kota ( rajasthan)
i m getting bored
How to activate DND on my no.
u r really great!
from rtm to ddn via ndls dated 16 march
no....  my cab is scheduled today at 6:30
8th april afternoon flight from mumbai to goa
the auto reply is awesome!
gujraat full shoebord olz
pune-blr 1 way flight ticket from 15-21 march
Looking for the Volvo AC buses from Delhi to Agra
Please confirm for chair car without AC
when is india- pakistan
can u pls check our order pls
Hi. Can you do location triggered reminders?
whose match
team composition if possible on every match
thanks for suggestions i need coupons for movie
any other hospital or clinic near me
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sat, 04 march at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 701711-701712-701713-701714-701715-701716-701717-701718-701719-701720-701721-701722-701723-701724-701725-701726-701727-701728-701729-701730-701731, user_id: 1966894, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
sir stop this reminder
is it useful
Hp compaq service  centre in Chandigarh
any offers or discounts
vijayawada trains list today
i have no time
thanks for you assistance but i need some other help
can you please remind me to book a cab today at 3.45 pm?
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 07:00 am { reminder_list: 722507, user_id: 1985778, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
plez help me my airtel dth recharge or not
the code you have given me will work only for me?
12835
ru there
at wat time match will starts
Find me a courier service near by
can you please cancel this cab, i want to book another cab as driver has not reached yet
datw flexible as pwr lowest rates
minimum 3 star
boss is there a match _date_
thank you 😊😊
Pls Remind me to book the gas tomorrow at 11am
Chandigarh to kishanganj train.dablu
remind me that i had call at 6pm
Which hero in Bollywood has the biggest fan following
Can you help me with oyo room coupons in mumbai and also restaurant coupons
can u help me with some lower rate flight
vaishai metro
it is not updated after _date_ evening match
i want oriental bank of commerce atm
required runs nballs remaining
that s good bangalore wins
i need a refund
kaun jeeta
i have told you guyz earlier as well that without asking me dont make my to do list task description shorter
is it enough..
plz change the above two tasks from pm to am
thik hai betaa
Which is the best restaurant in Mumbai sion
or one
Stop the reminder
pathology lab
Hi you shall book it in double deck train only
i stay in padmanabh nagar
who is sachin
i have set a reminder but you forget to make a call
Shivneri  booking from pune to aurangabad
not clear ur details
punjab loss
But why is it showing in movies ? I made a payment for a flight seat
frequency of reminders: 2 hours
hotel bookings
ticket for ipl match
Distance between delhi and leh??
12 pm is fine
Hey cancel all ma reminders
hindi me samajhaye
last wala message samajh nai aaya
how much it will cost for a large veg pizza by applying the first deal
indigo (6e-482)
Kannada new film
yaaman
Please see return ticket from 5th oct
i dont need it nymore
32242
172022
schedule 6 am to 7:30am at 10min frequency  1st march
fine good
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 718768, user_id: 1984827, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 683218, user_id: 1977303, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 08:35 am { reminder_list: 708365, user_id: 1976418, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Give me a treval route frm dehradoon to shimla including d place to visit in btwn
trains between sec to vijawada
thank you shraddha for update
Any flight between  raipur banglore raipur of air india
near by ultra sound centre
jammu
any discount
Plzzz dont call
"please show me one way flights from mumbai to chennai 		onward date - 24 march"
8543802888
sure thanks
i will think and tell u
please stop all my wake up calls until lue further message
its good night
How is price of flight tickets
pement levanu se
kuch offer hai kya?
hi. how far is decathlon suchitra store from my location?
wana go akshardham
i want help from u.
I have to go udaipur on flight 30.09.16
call to kush agarwal at 5 pm today
is it window seat??
Plz i dont need sny reminder now
Looking for bus or train
price of pune dubai flight on 4/3/2017
remind me to call vishal shelar on sunday
Is there any home delivery from crazy egg?
shop*
the transaction got canceled
i want to go ashansol junction since 5/3/2017
I need bus ticket for vizag on 21st sep,at 6pm
How can it be possible? Will you get me the total expenses if I have to travel to Goa for 4 days with my family. Family size Me and my spouse.
i want to go kalyan to ghatkopar
I want to set daily reminder up to the specified date
water reminder
I want to recharge tata sky
best for chicken??
send score
near to me..any store's
You can stop the reminders now. My work is done
please give me points table
hey what s the current score
Cancel all the reminder for medicine
Please check availability in train no.16315 for today
when i will get cashback for this ride
i want to confirm which category cab is booked?
benaglore to delhi
Passenger train time for sommanur to kulithalai
ty oday
Mujhe kolkata airtel postpaid data ka plans bata sakte hain?
please remind me to pray everyday by 9pm
and for the date 7th march
vanarsi to cuttack
food to order
could you send me the team line up of rcb and kkr for _date_ s match please
Want delivery of ice-cream now
i cannot go to goa dirctly?
current score update please
what about my previous order of burger, its till not delivered
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 690620, user_id: 1154758, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
done payment through ola money
If I request you for booking my train tickets than how can I pay my train ticket price ?
if i offline will u remind me the same??
have to go for birthday party at 6pm bhavik panjwani
but in social media every one sating like india won toss n chosen fielding
visa debit
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for everyday at 05:14 pm { reminder_list: 722944, user_id: 1961286, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
pnr 841-2667893
can you suggest me the best website to book tickets
that's enough for now
will you please tell me the live ipl score
near by vegetable stores
what are the chances of mumbai winning this match
or a sort of fake  call...???
handbill insert karwane hai
a reminder on the 30th of march for dentist
please give scorecard with scores of everyone for that match please
current match of ipl
list of sixes in ipl
is it op n??
Movies ticket for freaky ali tomorrow
rajasthan sojat rod rilvey stesan
are the charges per person or per group..??
tqqqq soo much dear
hi deepti
banglore
Nearest indusind bank atm?
i want to book flight on 20 april from mumbai to stuttgart and come back from stuttgart to mumbai on 20may
no confirmation from vodafone
What abt sleeper class
how i got
tickets confirmed
than tell me where can i bid
i need to book ipl tickets
so can u tell me fair of car
who is gon na win _date_
why my transection in cab not showing
oh the concept is pretty nice
hello saumya
Indian bank
nt exactly
I need to book an cab from vompuguda, (kapra) to gachibowli L&T towers.
sure. 5 star rating to you. 😉
hi, can you help me make a restaurant reservation?{task}
let s see may odds be in favour of whosoever deserve
i said i need tatkal booking seats on 2nd march
i want to knw near by tourist spot
kese ho
please call for same at 10:15 am
it's online right!???
i can't choose any destination
be back
i will journey from chandigarh to suratgarh in train no 14888 badmir exp eny vacancy in sleeper coach
What is best price to go on bus from bangalore to kurnool
is flat 75 cash still valid
10 to 20
Is there any CCD n KFC in mantri mall blore?
gudmng
thanks haptik
resorts
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 542088, user_id: 1932691, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
hey let me know about ind vs aus match
please send full score board
commando 2 full movie
can you stop the updates
please do the web check
can u check for today ticket
i don't have no. i just want it's information to set my schedule
hi, i'm interested in watching jolly llb 2. {movie_name:jolly llb 2}{task}
my prefernece is morning
all updates about t _numeral_ world cup
show me flights for 9th mar.{687145}
thanks for the help
hi can i knw train 18519 which started yesterday night from vishakhapatnam is running in time or late
applicable on share?
actually i wanna cancel my existing reminder
remind me to payment of credit card bill tomorrow
aj kiska mach ha cirket me
wat abt prediction
hi..  i m new to this app.. if i want to take a ride, could you please tell me which cabs you wil prefer?
its todays point table
Hardware dealer nearby
good evening sakshi
please show me trains from sbc to malm for sleeper (sl) on 31-03-2017.
I'm looking for power banks
your work
puzza
Yes book the hotel for me
and after 2 hours for fssai
"passenger 2:	name: puneet singal	passport number: h1422145	date of birth: 30/04/1988	passport expiry date: 09/11/2018"
hair salon near me
today till thursday
Help me with dominos coupon
Hi renuka
Cancel wakeup call
am looking for tv repair person
good night :)
pl update every _numeral_ mins on death overs
tell me movies showing in abohar punjab
tanuku
any offer for mobile bill payment
city travel for personal need
Agra to Bangalore train
every couple of hours
15 min frm now
Hey can u plz book the ticket
hey can u cancel my last wake up reminder
dont say thanks
_date_ s match m
i want to book table for 3 at barbeque ville
Confirm minimum flight charges
do i get default update when match starts
hry
it's okay take your time
add name as well want to call jnnani
matxh has started rcb batting
Nungambakkam sbi bank
call tomorrow for cash swaipur
what are todays match
what is free pizza offer?
this fare *
Hi! Can you help me plan for a trip to Delhi?
light bill
okie..
i need 30 mons time
can you give me the scorecard of _date_ s match
Plzzz stop da wake up alarm
banquet hall near me
hi is it operated by computers
Videocon service center  in bharatpur Rajasthan
_numeral_ is finall
any one
Tmorw flight is there for Lucknow to Bangalore??
pls remind me it by calling me
i mean teams finalized for playoffs
i don't need a cab now
mumbai indians sunrajesh hyedrabad score
i need to book a restaurant
much
thanks..... will do the needful soon...
when is badrinath releasing?
gm sir
no cancel itb
Bus from Shimoga to pune
please let me know if my order is coming or not
I can you find good resorts near Ahmedabad for 1 day stay tomorrow
hyderabad match
yes please keep sending score every _numeral_ overs and also if a wkt falls
sorru wrong location
book cab
sir mujhe govind nagar kanpur ke telephone point ka number btaiye
dear you are my personal assistant.. so just help me.. don't reply so professionally
can india make it to semis
maybe you will update me after match
rooms for couple
how will dis app help me
????
no nothing now
same to you to dear
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 09:00 pm { reminder_list: 649996, user_id: 1961286, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
no.. actually its on the way to hyderabad and will reach by noon
what does the points table look like
Syndicate bank in bhopal
Is there any chepest flight from lko to delhi on 14 oct
which team is more likely to win
hey let me know who wins _date_ s match
same has been already shared with u
estimate?
jinna
i want to stop all reminders. can u cancel for me
sure..i will
yes that will be great for me and also the score updates
sorry i will book later
channel..?
Wt abt booking lounge in ttd
please wake me up at 5:30 pm today evening
Sex comedy movies
Near by addidas showroom
okay thanks nd hey
McDonald's
Stop all my wake up call
tnq
can u plz suggest a near rly station of mapusa town in goa
from nokha(nok)
jammu to delhi
i want to add my reminder
ho gai taiyaari hamari nwe ll won the match
uninor ke full talk time wale offers batao
who will win the match _date_ gujarat or pune
I want trip with total cost included
yes ty
hptk250
no i want you to remind me again
which match is going to happen _date_
who will win _date_ mi or dd
sure
is there any match at nagpur
oo
by train
isn't there any direct flight
are you real?
Kindly activate DND on my mobile
yas
bbq or pizza
from manali to delhi flight fare?????
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 655866, user_id: 1766423, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
Nearest Lyf mobile service center
check for jana shatabdi
we  can no find  location
any offer tell me
con you provide me a ipl schedule
i want it from tilak nagar metro station
thnx dear
tomorrow morning discount cupan in bookmyshow
k..
paisa hona free
single room with couple
dwaraka movie
thanks :)
what is the best ticket price?
modeshwari mata mandir near mehsana timing
i want non vegetarian restaurant near allahabad railway station
oops! sorry i already have a wakeup reminder scheduled
It's include toll , driver , local travelling, driver food, parking etc
i want to check flight from mumbai to visakhapatnam
Remind me to book tickets on Saturday morning at 10 am.
find fast track watch service centre in coimbatore
check 4pm to 5 pm spice jet flight
after 2 days
Please book my ticket
today night
releasing date plz
sorry but i cant
yes for both
y no response
there is no low price flight
welcome
pay 80 rs to narendra
do you speak hindi
who is the captain _numeral_ f new zealand
no one contacted me for pickup
Xerox center near by?
who is thelast match won
i am traveling to guangzhou china, can i get local prepaid sim
mcdelivery offers
hotels in ooty
hey hardil
I need you to call me until I ans your call
last night score
ok pls keep me posted if the w/l comes down
3 adults plus 1 child tickets Mumbai jaipur 28th Oct and return 2nd Nov
just chking d availbility
remind me to call fortis at 2:30 via call
this one only
i need train
not.now will tell u later
where's pooja?
thanks again shilpa
"movie name: oru mexican aparatha	date: today	venue: cinepolis centre square mall  kochi	time:"
i web check in
puncture service
Could you help me with a cab service that can take me to Lucknow from NOIDA
want professional person
Train..  indb (indore) to umr(umaria) 3rd ac
i have already paid all amt than also showing pending
apple store
can u set wake up call
i just book before 15 min ago
what would i do with ipl when it s already over
irfan pathan is playing for which team
atm
tatkal ticket ac class booking ki timing 10am se h
i done 3,000 recharge please give me some cashbacks 😕
11028 ये गाडी खडकी स्टेशन पर रुकती है कया
jasie abhi jio mein offer chal raha hain to roaming mein jio mein internet use karne se koi charge to nahi hain.
i have samsung gear fit 2
why i am getting this error
i want electrician
granite fitting
cng
updates of last match
buffet
plz help for pg in ganganagar
in next match
can u make it fast plz
food reminder
Flights with in 3000
pls dont call me for drinking water reminder
hey whats the update on match
please stop my wake up alarm nd water reminder
need to set more bday reminder
okay no problem book my tickets right now
thanq sneha
no just asking u
can i know the estimate cost
hubli to goa
I think it would be better if I go with train
hey can i ask you a question
cammando 2
yoo boy ncongratulations nindia india
Flights from Jaipur to kolkata
can you send me the _date_ match scores to me held on _time_
I need reminder
Just came for trip
i want to know ent specialist near to me
i need to order some medicines.
How to recharge tatasky
want update of last match
Kokan express
need a hotel for unmarried couple
wht is the train name 17209
asharam
we want...
ok shruti plz wake up
Cancel d reminder fr beer
n i want watch t _numeral_
Hey tell me about the menu of Bollywood bawarchi
no not now
you too :)
explain to how to useful this app
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 728184, user_id: 1715701, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
where near to me it is available
how about tatakal
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 643704, user_id: 1965841, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
cashback
761117
but my card is not working
can you give me detail score of _date_ s afternoon match
thalassery
on bses rajdhani bill payment
remind me to take a printout on 10th march 5 pm and then again at 6pm
irctc
metro sey new dehle to airport kitna k.m door h..
can you tell me the score for _date_ s match
who hitted long six in this ipl season
razarani express
what is the fare from banglore to sakleshpur in train no 16515
that's the your problem
hey, can you find me the nearest medical store?{task}
who do you think win
"please proceed with below flights -		onward flight - rs.4700	goair (g8-183)	new delhi to ahmedabad	departure: 09:15 pm (10 jun)	arrival: 10:50 pm (10 jun)	 {product_id:c5c985ac4795da18139ba902f9f6038bc5ad4231febf9e9217f6557d561ae178d97deaef6bfb6d7e9570d52615f74fcdcc51b9201bc8b2446cf4062ba13df1e2, api_name:goibibo_api, type:onward_flight, others:onward flight - rs.4700 goair (g8-183) new delhi to ahmedabad departure 0915 pm (10 jun) arrival 1050 pm (10 jun) }"
i at srinagar
no cahal in rcb
where u go
how are you mr ronak
give me latest one
no idea about train number
thank you puneet ni wo n t need more reports after this
fullscoreboard
u guy's fault and i m suffering
i need a reminder call and message on 14 to meet mr reddy regarding brochure print
8 am you should daily wakeup me
i need uber helpline?????
Whats new update for train
tv life ok pr abhi konsa sirysl konsa chal rha h
need ipl details
Tell my nearby mall
what is price for ur party planners
any non veg restaurant at rajouri garden
Hotel name
score card
book tickets for _date_ april match
i want to order
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 08:04 am { reminder_list: 707445, user_id: 1968934, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
nope if you found someone then send me their number or give them mine
thank you a lot you doing a great job miss mi fan
thank you 😊
one more
typing error😅
gudur to nellore south
update me scores
*shruti
seats =2
ji
can u find me idbi atm near me
where are they playing
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 05:30 pm { reminder_list: 720112, user_id: 1985139, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
send m payment link again
r u computerized prog or a support person
remind me to go for a meeting in gurgaon on monday at 3 pm
send spicy list
no route
order three plate medu wada from sai veg world
paytm is giving more than u.
no i want that u suggest me a road tour
4129258441
I didnt cancelled the order
nearest  santosh dhaba
india fixture
can you show me my previous reminders and to do list
no nt interested
kuch to bolll
"2428644243	this is my pnr status kindly give me detail of my waiting list..both pqwl and wl"
madam i want doctor phone number his name dr. mallikarjun patil works in bgs  institute of medical science
schedule it for every week
oh anjali g i am always free for u
is there any t _numeral_ matches _date_
find me train from somanur to tanjavur tommorow
hi, i want to order for food delivery{task}
wave city center
not now.. i will let you kne.. :
india won _
i mentioned
how should i pay online
mens and womens semi finalists
Next month cheapest fare with return  trip
i m good thanks..
hello pradeep
what rating it had
nop
what are the odds for bangladesh v new zealand _date_
what's the promo code
chinese
aby
till when is that offer live?
can i ask u something
home maid day n night
he called, he will be late
not now but at 6:30 pm
passengers number 1 in which coach or berth
who do you think can win this season
What is the price of ac seat?
i have already got my tickets booked for _date_
please tell my _date_ result
Can u tell me at time intercity express will reach at marwad junction ? Which goes from ajmer to ahmedabad
oh k
hmm
any cash bck
can this software predict about teams which could enter into playoffs
Bus tickets for mangaluru
it was an awesome match
plz send active reminder
spot the train{task}
"1 chicken fiesta regular 	1 garlic bread	1 choco lava cake"
okiee i will wait
remind me from 8:00am to 8:00pm
iam looking for bangalore to new delhi
trailer
detailed scorecard
for udayan express
good nigt
madurai
i want to order 40 numbers veg singles golden corn with the discount rate
wt abt mi vs gl
no offers ?
i need both a plumber and a electrician tomorrow
ok check it fast...
pranay was the request taken?
can u tell. me about gaming company's in delhi
no.. thank s
update me every single over
please cancel the ride
can u search a better restaurant
hi, can you help me checkin into my flight?{task}
Blood test doctor near me
how mant wake up call i xan set?
good pubs nearby
what happen to my cash back
"		i would like to view more reminders. { user_id: 1976643, offset: 5, api_name: exotel }"
cool thanks
west indies playing well
final match will be played in which stadium
i am going to delete this app
_numeral_ tak ho gya tha is time
in kr puram no hdfc
this is good morning
na
nariman point ktm.    226, bajaj bhawan.     jamnalal bajaj marg.   opp inox cinema.        nariman point.           mumbai-400021
discounts
ipl schedule and cities timings
that be all
kya aapke paas silver city ka no hai
i asked for nz batting scire
8254806316 pnr states
who is currently batting
who do you think will be the teams to qualify for the play offs
showtimings at inox hiland park?
noida orris consient dlf payment
Chicken breasts
please let me know
yes plz check
full match summary
530am
i hv already given this data twice
call me at tahajjudd namaaz at 4am...
no not from this...
how much fare chennai to coimbatore via train sleeping second class
lets discuss todays match
good night now
Seat will be alloted after charting??
get me the match score ball to ball
intake
no specify time
i tapped it by mistake... thanks for your help
wake me up in four hours
already done
yes i did
same hear
Reliance store room
remind me to prepar assignment
actually in my wallet 60rs is available hw can it will refund to bank account
pls give rates first
hi i'm looking for cab
hospital h mam
hey how to i change my mobile number?
yes manal... thank u....
remind me on 3.4.17 at 9pm
please update me till _time_
review of singam 3
help me booking train tickets
Jpr journey not matured.
one thing...meanwhile. it's not related
_date_ match teems
thanks samikaha
i want to order veg pizza
update me in every ten min
i will tell you later about that
you again sent wronh score
can you tell me the list of players in srh team hyderabad
remind me to charge my basic samsung phone after every 2 days.
who is chacha of india
Please suggest me a beauty parlour nearby which is good
airtel prepaid unristected recharge
so there is no chance for dhoni to make through
you r supporting which team
Train seat ability check
Any ubi atm nearby?
Kolkatta  to rajasthan up or down Chepstow tickets
Hello, can u please give me information about bus availability from Kengeri to Kurnool
can i order kfc online ????
for learning in english in more confident &      fluenty speak in english
give me the address of allied auto agencies
please confirm timing of match
can you change the timing for reminder?
2228943336
Can u book a room
who won _date_ rcb or punjab
wt the score now
raichur to goa
10 q
cooool
sorry gl
i had booked that
do *
jas check for delhi offers
red light area
please understand me
cashback kitna h
Remind me to call selva @ 10.30 a.m today
prices seem to be too steep. thanks for the info!
still not got update
Find me the nearest movie theatre
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 09:00 am { reminder_list: 687884, user_id: 1978503, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i am looking to go to a center where they train zumba
Professional courier service near sharavathi nagara
Reliance ke 2g batana
stationary near sholinganalur
tell me the full talk time in aircel
driver not arrived. not picking call
pls update
24 hour ho gaya medam
make it multi city trip and apply coupons which suits  and plz say me the total amount to be paid
very nice app though
Flight ticket cst to Tanzania on Oct 1st
dehradun mai jo lagi hai
indigo
can you please call me tomorrow at 3 pm for resatration?
In which train there are tickets available
Cancel my 0900 wake up call for today plz
excellent
airoli sector 20
i need details for nearby metropolis laboratory
nothing for now
i didnt received conformation
I need a permanent driver
what us processing cycle in electrical bill section
"		i would like to cancel my to-do: startup for everyday at 09:00 pm { reminder_list: 450006, user_id: 1902875, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Sbi bank near by mylocation
yes the electrician did come
hey whos match is _date_
sweet shops
Summit sir reminder to nagjua latter for hariom
aur ek baar chek karo
cant u call to remind me
i want to add to do list
date: 02-03-2017
Please remind me to drop cheque at bank tomorrow morning at 10.00 a.m.
what are you doing now?
i book now
no one reminded me bro
6262233910
I want to go Hyderabad nampally to  shahabad telangana
plumbwr cum electrician
cancel
I want chicken vermicelli biryani. Can u find in which restaurant it will available
Rajdhani thali
ok an
thank you very much harsh
no problem i can contact u
can you jst give cmplt score board
oo who is batting right now
what s is the score
Yes in forum
pranay??
i need payment
running status of 12481
in train no.29019 sits avalbl or not
Nearest punjab national bank
if i change my mind then.?
wat you think who will win _date_
iska kya matlb hai mje btao
kon se platform pr ayegi 19031
By call or message
call on this number 91 8697635843
hurry
thank you so much
any atm nearby with amount loaded??
hi ankita
_date_ match against
una to pune best mode of travel.. direct preferred
visa
heyy can you please tell me whether kane williamson will play next match or not
12809
grt work
Any food near laxminagar
hi... i need of water reminder !
how much overs
how much is that
the second team
"		please show me more trains.{api_name:trains_api,times:715}"
can i get ball to ball update
Santral bank of India
Secunderabad to diksukhnagar distance
Window Ac
Can you plz send mi the another no of Samsung service center he is not received the call
what s the final score
Plan my trip to dubai
wats this promo...
will rcb go out of ipl
can you get me shops nearby me where patym service is available
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 691229, user_id: 1979173, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
is there is any other today
cancel the requested booking
do keep sharing updates
I want continue 3 4 reminder for wake up
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 11088{product_id:11088_pune_bsr,api_name:trains_api}"
please stop my remider
may i know the srh batting summary
what is the price of the tickets
please order from the same restaurant i have used last time.
Train tickets to gwalior
Stop the daily morning alarm because I not need it more
can u give me the estimate fare for that
hi.. didn't receive 75 cashback
onboard?
you support which team
bo
how can i book tickets
how much time dose it takes to dibrugarh railway station?
am looking for movies at
sorry but i'm not getting notifications
i am on my way
can you please update me on every wicket
find me pool or share and tell me how much will be the estimated ride
can you tell me who took the wicket of gayle
as of now, nothing.
are there any girls hostel near charni road ?
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 06:05 am { reminder_list: 696781, user_id: 1980349, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Wait change the timing to 10.30 am
actually 121 is full talk time offer for me
ny time
please send me the ipl game fixture
Could u do a flight check in for me
maine nhi bnaya..whtsap pe aya
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for mon, 06 march at 03:00 pm { reminder_list: 693706, user_id: 1943447, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
show the movies playing in my area
what is your suggestion _date_ who will win
today
i am very angry at you guys
no i want the bus.
hotels booking
Can you tell me good places to travel in delhi
is der any offers on bus bookings
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 588040, user_id: 1947122, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
set reminder for me to call vipul bhai after 5months from now
scorecards
yaa very good morning
for me and my fiance
Can you book train tikit for myself
i need a driver
anjali
jio ka mobipe 999 wala dikhao i wana see about that
Hey find me blue dart shop or office or centre nearby
tell me proper detail
let you know if i plan something go to anywhere
8356802365
is there any new user cashback or discount code
can i book ceasers place room in las vegas
can you please send me the sechdule of indian women matches
hi meenakshi
one more u can set after 10 minutes
yes we are 6 book xl
offers?
royal challengers won
i want to cancel
pickup location at my present location
thank you a lot i will message you if i need score update
I want to book tickets from Delhi to Hyd
every day mam
against which team
Please delete the alarm reminders
ppl _numeral_ batsman schore
usman khawaja in which team
Best holiday packages to Europe from Hyderabad for May- June 2017
need address for vivo service centre
can you send me the player least of kkr
i haven't  got email of the booked  tickets
any coupens for ola or uber chandigarh
tell me some good restaurant at caunaght place
tell me abt the nearest atm in respect to my location
Hello any nearest axis bank my location?
flat 75 cash back?
any possibility of _numeral_ tickets for india s semi final
have i taken first 3 rides??
recharg coupn
r u sleeping nishant
Can u find a nearest cyber cafe from hotel royal star periamet
kya mere paani vale task k liye aap meko call kr k remind kra skte ho
raipur ipl match tickets
Is there any Paytm money back code for existing users
cab
tickets available for delhi next matches in ferozeshah kotla
hi shruthi can u tell chennai major tourist spot other than beach and mall
Thriller
i ll let you know in the match
india
ola, uber strike is going on in bengaluru
magic coal confirm amount to advance
it's useful let it be yar
access denied is coming for me
could you let me know details
General compartment ticket cost?
Madurai to chennai train time now...
wanna to get ready for outing kk
no thank you... good night
no, it was payment was made by paytm
is there any offer on railway ticket
want to shop previous medicine reminder
i want to go kurnool in bus
Can you send me the coupons for hotel rooms in Hadapsur pune
kk no need good bye nd gud nit
is there any number where i can call and speak
i have to call mr. vijayvargiya on 10 am tomorrow
Hi I've to go to airport tomorrow... Can u book cab for me?
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 06:00 am { reminder_list: 619291, user_id: 1957831, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
we are talking about the caterer
gm.. get me flight details for mangalore to dubai tonight
meal give free to passenger yaa chargeble
please check status
How to book tickets on Paytm
also get me the no for overnite express
not these options
ha can u plz go ahead
thank you good night
I need only hotels
thanks sid. 👍
but
i need to book a ola cab to night
r.k.puram
Ya reminder me
hello can u help me out in setting up the work reminders
cancel the wake up call
no time preference but economic rate
12512 train no
wts the score give me ball to ball update
where are u from{task}
ohh thank you but will miss the batting in ofc right now
i need to repair my cannon printer
Train no. 22687
final match dates
this friday releasing movie list batao
on 1st april
hey i am free for some time so i thought let's chat with you if you don't mind.
great gujarat won nice
ola cabs he
still waiting for the cashback
payment has to be done by cash.
Plz cancel all my wake up calls
no sound
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 520949, user_id: 1459653, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
photo studios
hey give any answer
ok how much will it cost from shahibaug ahmedabad to science city ahmedabad
I need to know nearby apple laptop service centre in KOLKATA.
Give me the newly released trailers on imdb
paid yesterday via haptic
i won't get off?
wat is the problem?
My ticket ok
chennai to ahmedabad
yeah set 10 alarm reminder for me
"sry 	where i want to go 	flight is not available their"
what are the chances for srilanka to qualify for semis
it's ahmed and lasya birthday
what is the result for _date_ s match kolkata knight riders v s royal challengers bangalore
i want help
jab bhi main call karne ke liye bolta ho to aata kyo ni hi aapka call. koi problem hi kya
wts d scr nw
book a ticket for me india vs pakistan match _date_ at eden garden
I want to go indore
from mysore to mantralaya
i have booked cab for 5:45pm tdy
i didn't get any reminder call from yoy
how does it matter to u.
i did not get coupon
i need top score in ipl this season
accepting local id
what does the fox say! !!?
wat is the temperature of cochin
Where will i get home delivery for tea
thank
the rates r not affordable... i will look for later dates n will let u know
any ongoing offers that i can avail?
Pls update me on my seat booking
madam g ajj kon c team jita gi
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 691455, user_id: 1979253, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Puneet can you tell me the exact time, this train reach chalakudy??
which cinema???
and set reminder to change quick set from today in every 5th day
tomorrow 6
anything to eat
flight between delhi to srinagar as on 24 march which arrives in srinagar before 11 am
i wanna book a ticket
wake me up at 1 pm
currently i m in charbagh
ya but first i look at hotel in ajmer than i will confirm train tickets
yaa will u plzzz tell me
internet issue
let me know price tag first before booking
Air fare kochi to banglore
Can I book a cab
kanpur passenger
can u save a note for me
but any offer or cashback
okay ready with details
hey are there any blue films out in theatre?
I suppose to travel from Bangalore to kodaikanal and then to palani and pollachi back to Bangalore.
"please tap on this message to make your booking. once the payment is done, i will send the tickets to you on e-mail from our partner goibibo.		passenger name(s):	mr chaganlal  jain	mr chetan  jain 		flight details:	onward flight -	goair (g8-281)	goa to hyderabad	departure: 02:05 pm (13 mar)	arrival: 03:30 pm (13 mar)	price: rs.8602				total price: rs.8602"
you are late
who s in the strike
1 sec first i want to know can i use 2 prepaid cards at a time... can u check it for me pls
but i use later on when needed
when is pak vs aus
who is shruti now
the updated one
ok, np. tks.
hi can i know nearby any furniture shops available
Which movie is playing in balaji theatre ??
yea pls
i have some data balance in my prepaid network, i will recharge now for some data .the remaining data is credited to that account or not ?
nooooooooo
hi is there any train from jalpaiguri to pune
I'm receiving a call repeatedly even after I have cancelled the reminder
iob
i need a cab in mrng
Plz remove all my reminder and alarms
blood test laboratory nearby
6562063243
duniya it's released in 2011
Can u make a list of reminders from an excel sheet?
I need to go hyderabad airport
can i apply referal code for ride
no it's too costly
is there tamil movie s available?
but i want the remider on my screen
who will win kkr or punjab
is there a cashback offer right now
which reminder
tell me
its releasing date is 8th spetember 17'
keep me posted about the score please
program is cancel bcoz of some emergency
Can you find a rate for mumbai Hanover mumbai - going on 23 and coming back on 26 September
just gave u feedback, u did nice work bro and u earned it.
commondo 2
need to know some orthodontics near by
who has been the best bowler so far
pta kro
Nearest restaurant
i think rcb won the match
i wanna cancel the cab
plz check it
gaurav can u find near by hotels
is there any ice cream parlour nearby?
Hey, I'd like to order a pizza from dominos, cam you please check if they can order to my address
you r opinion
fare please
bye anjali
would you please be able to help me find a jio centre nearby where i can port my sim to jio?
thanks(
just want to enquire one thng
i don't want to remind me for some days
Restaurant near nariman point
Hi i want to order food
i want to check the running status of train
enough for now
can i order pizza for different location
kids hospital near by area
and all team player list
what is happeningg
ccu to lko
is their any direct flight from nagpur to tirupati
ya i will... these ones r not affected by strike and all right
If I require 8 tickets for tomorrow night show, what would be the price
cab arrived
Please tell me on flight details of Kolkata to bhutan
Can u book any hotel at nawalgarh rajasthan
mr...hardik
any cashback offer
i need to book a kesari travel
Can you share seats screen shot
i want to know kfc offers today
Cheapest tickets for goa on 11th oct
Near by pizza zone
look for shatabdi or jan shatabdi
plz tell about  akshy kumar movies 2016
brother don't worry about feedback
heyy which cab service do you provide
no that's it
hdfc
valid till???
Ticket prices for Mumbai to Lucknow on 23rd September
thnks dude
thank you so much your help i really love this type of transitions
"please show me one way flights from bangalore to ahmedabad 		onward date - 03 march"
PG Accommodation in Bangalore
ashwin has done good bowling
for train ticket booking
hey send mi full scoreboard
only for this match
please book me tickets
tell me who is all time leading run scorer in ipl
call me for reminder
Hey I was planning to go dubai between 24 th Dec to 1st Jan can you help me with flight and hotel booking
suggest good restaurants in srikakulam
thank you soo much.!
hv a gr8 dy
Hey, find me the nearest hardware store.
give me 5 min
ye kaunsa score card h
happy dandi march
hi riddhi
how reliable are these guys in service...: competence / knowledge ?
i am in gayitri puram
karnavati express
get up
Remind me today at 3 pm to call Abdul Kalam 9886348185 by calling as well as by sms
sakshi
shouldn't select departure and destination?
6th october which train is available for bhubaneswar in the morning
two
hi, i want to search for a movie.{task}
Is there sleeper class in Chennai exp?
hopefully england wins _date_
is there any discount for paytm
software companies near me
please only message. cos i am deaf
remind me frm 2nrw
indigo is on domestic side
on 17th i am going back to dubai can u plz check and say me the flight ticket
is there any offer available for 10 movie ticket
Irumugan review
no not like that
check for sleeper
tell me about current ipl status please
8 am today pls
today 11am
ya gd evening
which is the best movie to watch
Here any theatre playing inkokadu
hi 18244 train num kindly confirm nagpur to gondia ticket on 12 march
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sat, 04 march at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 710024, user_id: 1038109, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
hi will u plz tell me when ipl tkts booking will be started for 1 st may 2017
do you think srh will win this season
special 300rs
from delhi
Any resorts in ECR
tata indicom
wednesday show
can you get movie show timing
Can u find nearest unionbank branch near my location
maine book kiya h
fare of flight from kolkata to bangaluru on 28.04.17 all flights on that day.
meed car washing
_date_ who will win kkr vs rcb
cancel all the reminders
in that case which team needs to be disqualified or have lower run rates so that rcb can proceed further
next two weeks movie release schedule
mogals paradise
pankaj
why u didnot call at 11am
are we through to the play offs
gabhi score kiya hua h
can you cancel the previous to do list?
"		i would like to cancel my call someone reminder for fri, 03 march at 05:00 pm { reminder_list: 681907, user_id: 1755981, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 07:30 am { reminder_list: 645144, user_id: 966069, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
tis time no chance for kings
Any discount on mobile postpaid bill
Trains from coimbatore to kochi lode
okay now this is close what do you think kkr will win or loose
want to go from mumbai to matheran
i am trying to pay it since yesterday
Chirag, Yesterday I asked Deepika for a washing machine mechanic and she called up a centre named Cyborg Technologies. Today the mechanic came to check my washing machine and I was surprised to see that the man did not know how to check or repair the washing machine. He also didn't knew how to find in which part is the problem. So I recommend Haptik that plz don't recommend Cyborg Technologies to anyone, it is a very bad centre.
i will manage
Please  find out trains leaving to jolarpet  from Chennai central
i need india vs pak match tickets
give me _date_ s match score card please
azaa stays
in guntur city
call me at 8 am today morning
i asked for bamboo briyani ?
cash on delivery options is not available
meeting hicc hotel at 11.41am
and took fan
hllo hardik
is there any offer available for recharging phone ?
i don't want plans
"		i would like to cancel my call prince nizar reminder for mon, 13 march at 07:03 am { reminder_list: 653675, user_id: 1968546, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
no i do not want to book
any direct flight from auranga to mumbai
aur kis jangha h.. map ke saath so kerna
tickets please
Remind me to call amarkany
cc
Good morning.. can i know what r the movies from Bollywood is going to release tomorrow.?
also do 2 things
points table of ipl
wer u stay
please set only for today
sry
post 5pm?
soory soory
room no.56,b.d.d no 12, sewree cross road, sewree, mumbai-400015
tell me a dentist near mw
i have ola money in my account.. how can it be used here ?
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 695541, user_id: 1966399, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Movies bhimavaram lo
Hey how to get my BSNL number recharge
no i want all teams players list please
is jordan playing _date_ match of rcb vs srh
on which channel i can see the match
my recharge was successful
_date_ match kaun si team jeeta
bob rupay debit card
i am looking for atm of vijaya bank
call me today at 9:00 am
any nearby gym?
mujhe trip packages walo ka number chahiye ?
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 684843, user_id: 1957571, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
whay
do find urgent
cancel that ride i want to book it now
current scores
Can I order from burger king
arey mujhe call kar k remind kra skte ho kya
"		i would like to cancel my to-do: boobs of archna for everyday at 01:00 am { reminder_list: 722373, user_id: 1985543, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
thanks for the reservation
kids english medium school near me.
Is there any discount in idea postpaid bill payment of Rs.1500
can u please check if merwans deliver at my location?
no thank u u u
wo won _date_ match
_date_ fixtures
how much ticket fess
has the game resumed
remind me to remind jana to call in snehanjali in morning & in evening
Plz activate dnd on my mobile
Ahmedabad to Jamnagar
whats todays math
please give me the squad of the _date_ s match
"		i would like to cancel my call rohan borawke reminder for fri, 03 march at 10:02 am { reminder_list: 689376, user_id: 1883853, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
higher scorer ipl
RAC 86?
who india would take on in the next match
help me for flight from indore to jaipur
who all hv lost their wicket
remind me whenever there z a match of kkr
2nd slipper  with senior citizen
tell me delhi jaipur 3 march morning. 4 passengers
Can i get a train schedule?
how much rohit scored
book ticket for august kranti train for 3/3/2017
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 12617{product_id:12617_mao_kyn,api_name:trains_api}"
final match details
if i set a wake up call  . will someone actually call me
mi service center near me
"actually yes...	i need to eat some thing every 2 hrs instead of my regular 3 times meals..	can u help?"
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 718009, user_id: 1984640, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
trying to tap but it's not happening
i think i may not need your help anymore.
r u sure tht u booked my tatkal tickets
thank you for the updates but i do n t need now
remind me to work outv
whtz crrnt score
will u pls.book after 5 min?
remind me every 2 hour for water
i was just testing the app
Can you suggest me some good veg restaurants with reasonable price nearby me
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 713396, user_id: 1983938, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
wich best movie in week
mandi dabwali
I am looking for a new post paid plan
Best place for corporate outings in pune...for lunch
i just want to know in which flights the rates r down n keep me update
arey what was the reminder for 2 pm
remind me 5 days before that my haptik balance is gng to expire
Jodhpur to jaipur for today train
Please tell me that are there any bus services from or near 15 sector exit 9  gurgaon  to jaipur
Is there any SBI bank near by my location
I want to know that is there ticket need in train for 5 yrs children
i store
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 08:30 pm { reminder_list: 673096, user_id: 1973503, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
who are the top three most promising players from india currently
I want you to remind me of my duties
_date_ how is winner
giving medecine
ram medicals sir
can u suggest me a good authentic bengali restaurant
wow...nice
kal ka match bata
kengeri upha nagar
best discount
the rain stopped or not
biraul aa gya hai ya raste me hai
punjabi dhaba
hey ,i received only one pdf after booking flight
akash, i ll do that later
mam check from yeshwantpur to gulbarga
who won _date_
budget ones.. a bit cheaper
chef style
sorry😌
can i
please give me a plan with at least a month's validity
Hotel
"saturday	4231582947 deepak lulla	n5 lcd"
Want to status of 15910 train
whos the batsman
Get me the list of all trains from jorhat to lumding or guwahati via lumding.
Set reminder for every two hrs
set another reminder {type: wake up call}
Ags theatre running cinemas??
bhopal grande
address for bungee jump in bangalore
what are the timings of lakshmi narayani golden temple - vellore
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 728928, user_id: 1874711, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
wasim nagarparished
pooja is online..but not replying
akash
remind me to drink glass of water after every 2 hours
provide me link
return date - 06 march
just for a single day... tomorrow at 4:15 pm
do you know padma?
you hav sent me timetable which is different from matches you had sent to me
tysm dear
Will airpods included in package of iphone7??
can i book a bus ticket
actually the flight is on tuesday morning
i want cab in this place
i want to go in silvassa
8 to 9
yes & thanks
Hi Shraddha, I would like to book tickets for PINK movie for tomorrow's show
predict _date_ s match
arrival platform number at alld
Hmare area me ola ka cab avileble hai
thanks a lot😀
Pawan meeting at Sunday 11 September call me to remember
how can we delete past activities from list
i need to set another reminder
please do, i have a flight to catch :)
or any engineer who can visit and repaur
help mr guys
Can you please share me the menu
i will tell you later
I want to know the current running train status for swarnrekha express on 11th sep at 6:30 am
Pegion  warranty service center in Hyderabad
i want to dlt my reminders
can you provide me the cost of the cab to airport now ?
commando
may i get point table
please remind me a birthday on 12 march
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 07:00 am { reminder_list: 701473, user_id: 1978431, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
mayanak
hi can share good veg hotel near me
Hi plz remind me to HR tomorrow at 11 am
i haven't got mail confirmation
please enter the locations i've given
Hi I need a 3 need package to kerala. Possible?
Telugu movie
alright, thanks
who won the ipl toss
Are there any Ola or Ubers that service from Chandigarh to Shimla?
Can you tell me the menu and the price of the items as well of the big Ben and wilsons
6500 credit card payment
payment
remind me to call nakul sir in 2 mins today
fotu
i need bus ticket
Tell me paytm cashback offers of promocode on electricity bills as an old customer of paytm.
Train timings
jaipur to singapore
hi, u can stop the alarm of 8am from tomorrow.
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 705615, user_id: 1981945, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Tell me the availability of tickets 3pm pink
dont send
K.. No ac bus
I want a cab from my location to shivajinagar
Tell me the trains from Rjn to Bsp
i've set remainder for not to eat that reminder was seted 10am to 8.30pm but starting time you have to change
Nearby Hair saloon
how to add money
call me after 40 min
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 12:30 am { reminder_list: 600239, user_id: 1951992, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
kia
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 499028, user_id: 1917483, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
bata do jaldi
sorry i can't
make it sunday evening by 4
sure.
gajipur to jind
saloon appointment
the ghazi attack
gunturodu movie
any upcoming matches in jaipur
who has scored highest run
morning dear and thanks
how much is the cost of tickets of final
can you please give full scorecard
lg mobile service centre in kolkata
Hi, I just want to reconfirm about my table reservation in blue terrain restaurant.
cancel my reminder alarm
it says price has expired. i didn't get it
oh sorry not _date_ that is _date_ i want to know virat ana chris gayle _date_ runs
ltt to bsb
ok, thanks
i mean daily
in 5 mins
do i have to ask again for it or you will constantly message updated scores
where is charbagh station
what  vl  be the  ride cost  plz
Bus tickets to hyderabad
Ola cab coupons offers
cancelled it
what are the cancellation charges of we cancel a train ticket which is still in waiting list
also i would like to book in good location. main road.
can you tell me the name of the teams whose match are _date_
i will book latee
jhijhak to gajiyabaad today
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 710410, user_id: 1983346, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sun, 05 march at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 721149-721150-721151-721152-721153-721154-721155, user_id: 1165279, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
departure date 22/3/17
1.30pm
first inning played fully
wat would be the charges
lol. i appreciate your behaviour towards people like me😂😂
Can you please tell me the order status
thank you.
can i get
evn if u send me remained till 10 pm
mujhe indian bank ka atm chahiye
can you pleasechange the alert to every 2 hrs
restaurant near me
how u ?
mai to bolta 55 saal k upr buddo ka license chin lene hona..khud bi girte apne ko bi giraate
run score
Okay now stop this alarm
dont  forget to wake up
thank u
Rs.50 is on 1 ticket
hatrick of this season
atm near by athanikkal westhill calicut
around 1pm
i will rate also after using this more
Nearby store
can you tell about ms dhoni
it is connected to hyd
i couldn't locate it
Can u please find the display repair dealers near by shahdara damage iphone5s display
is it for train
find me the chipset one
pleaser order pav bhaji and 3 extra paav from sai veg.
whats d kohli final score
thanks.
updated after todays match
highest six in the ipl _numeral_
hi, i'm interested in watching the lego batman movie. {movie_name:the lego batman movie}{task}
which is your favorite team among the two
wake me up at 8.30
how book the ticket
Can u set an alarm fo 7:20 am
i want _numeral_ cheap tickets of _date_ april match between hyderbad and punjab
could you please tell me the coming batsmans of daredevil
i cant understand sir
no this wallet money can i send in my bank account
kuch bhi
Kotak
vijay sales
cost of pavilion terrace tickets in pca stadium mohali
yeah it's a place
hello harsad
remind me only in day times
hi any update on my table reservation?
Schedule a reminder for me @ 11: 30 am on 19 September
hello dinesh, jaise ki hamari bat 22 feb se ho rahi he ki hame niche diye gaye route 6 tarikh ke pahile wall painting cover karne he par .. me aaj sabhi route per check karne ko gaya tha to muje sirf waluj ke bajaj gate ke pas ek wall painting dikhai di aur harsul cidco road par 6 wall par .. baki muje kidhar bhi wall painting nahi dikhai de .. asha karta hu ki aap 2 din ke bhitar hamari jaise bat hoi he wo sare route pe wall painting complete karege dege..
I have to watch Blindspot
i want to go mumbai by flight on 4 april
last night match details
you have sent me the schdule i want the points table
jst let me know the result of the toss
any show near by
i'm asking for drama
Cars rental to my location
Need to travel
"hi i want to pay my postpaid bill 	do u have coupon for that?"
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 682803, user_id: 1928508, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
wake me up today at 6am
kotak bank's atm
i want ticket for _date_ april match
kitny jldi h apko mjhe sulane ki
can i get the passport office address in thambaram
will he install kent ro water purifiers
anyway i have to wake up
places to visit nearby kanchipuram
trhi, i want some help with train travel
any offers on pizza today
can u set reminder for  making call
ya need another reminder
its changed to tmr mrng 8am
good morning madam
todaes rcb match scores
for a single over update me
dholka
train on 6th march
is there any offer for booking bus from jagdalpur to raipur in chattisgarh
I need to go Chennai  from bangalor
royal challengers banglore match fixtures
my to do list
its not showing
Order it
stop live updates
i need to book ticket for matches in bangalore
Book tickets for 8 people in cineplanet for the movie "jyo achyutananda"
can u call me now?
hi dear madam
or less then 1000
Can you cancel my reminders for 8:03 and 8:05
Set a reminder for today 8am
i want for breakfast book for 11people and within 500 per person
can you give me the status of _date_ s match
is there any offer for pay mobile bill
Hi mohit, Can I get home delivery from california burrito
panino retaurant
when ll ipl starts
thanks dear friend
ohh i changed my plan. will go after 2 hrs
tell me d team of rcb
Malayalam theatre in Mysore
I need the status for the 23rd December garib rath from Mumbai to kerala
srh match schedule
meet sandy at 12 45 pm
which team is most likely to win
hey can u check karaoke place
Can you please tell me the home delivery food places
do you have an estimate of how much would it cost in flight from kolkata to mumbai
school in thane
i don't have ticket wth me ryt now ...
"add a new reminder	task: travel to mumbai	date: march 4, 2017	time: 5 31 pm"
i just want to know which wifi connection is best in my location
gusha night
who will kkr play next
help me
i have not received the ticket
is it open tomorrow?
thanks for the reservation
when will rcb play its next game
morning 11:30
it's saturday
i want jain food
Yes. I'm looking for a hotel for 2. My budget is 1500 per night. I'm going to Bombay. I need the room on 23rd
there's an animal hospital on pataudi road
tell me _date_ matches
Salem To Bangalore Trains Timing Tomorrow
Can you do tatkal booking also
Restaurant near my location
Plz off my reminder
Vodafone store
please get me current ipl points table _numeral_
I want Delhi to Manila
i want this services
hi just i want flooring contractors contact no
distance between dwarka sec 8 metro station to ray group of institutions
good evening anjali
you have not given my answer
sorry once again...
bad reviews and u suggesting skip
i would like to change the frequency of the reminder
Hi, I am interested in Marvellous Goa - 4 nights/5 days package. Please tell me more about it. {product_id:837, product_name:Marvellous Goa - 4 nights/5 days, api_id:8, api_name:travel} {carousel_cta}
and how can i chk wats my bill amount
can u suggest some delivery options
for vodafone postpaid
thank you so much for reminding my task as of now
in which theater the hogan was released
this is my forst transaction n failed
hi siddharth
can yu wake me up my frnd
Moto showroom near by me
thank you sis
points table ipl
bangalore
I wnt reminder daily at intervl of 30 min ...24*7
who will win do you think
nearest cng pump
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for mon, 06 march at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 726535-726536-726537-726538-726539-726540-726541-726542-726543-726544-726545, user_id: 1986664, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
well btw you mean kkr means kacheguda knight riders right
how much for fare?
hey i don't need these any more 😄👍🏻
raina score
"		i would like to cancel my `wish indira happy birthday!` reminder for sun, 05 march at 10:01 am { reminder_list: 697790, user_id: 1980519, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
pahchana
stupid
I want to set it from 25th September at 11 pm
show time at maxurs jerimeri
update me in every _numeral_ mints
won or not
Hi I wanna recharge on my airtel numbet
i completed my ride
is there a wine shop near of my location
ya m good ...
Kindly cancel all my wake up calls
I think i set a birthday reminder for deepak
There are other train station in kochi
thankss
Can i know the timings of bhagyanagar express in secunderabad station
i have already shared
cyber cafe
tickets for ipl
anything else
"ara (bihar) to dbhri on sone (bihar)	by road koi sumo service hai kya plz"
yeh when is the final happening
cash babk
mujhe jaipur m tata tiper ki jankari lene h
don't remind me for anything
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 593936, user_id: 1946417, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
when do i get 75 cash back
Which is the easiest and fastest way to commute from Mangalore airport and Mangalore railway station(central/junction) ?
run please
what's available now
Whch movie release today
any other no
Find hotel in nagpur
r u real
pls correct this sentence
thanks for reminding me
you mean daily ka nahi hain 2gb till 28 days.
_date_ kon kon ipl khelega
i m not able to choose pickup
ya thank u ..
wen is d next rcb match
i am going to start now
Check for veg resturant
i am looking for shortest not for cheapest..
kaishe karte hai transfer ap bta shakte hai
please show me trains from krd to et for sleeper (sl) on 10-03-2017.
i have kept my phone in dnd mode... just now removed that...
hey, please tap on this link to make payment of rs. 1502 for your train booking. the link would expire in 10 mins. you will receive ticket details in a few minutes after you pay.
please tel me about toss when it takes place
at wat time _date_ ball will be bowled
it's more than 100
no, it is not actually the near one
no tankew
nd u deserve a 5*
Tell me train no. 13240 is on time or not
and the another reminder as well
bhojpuri movie
do we have other coupen code so i can apply and get cashback
if i book ola with your app... can i use wallet money for payment?
Call me up till i wake up
what about cancellation charges
no no i want help for booking a train
my budget is 5000
cancle my reminder
how i can go haridwar 12 july
haan sure
Stop the reminder for water
can i see all matches scorebord of punjab
batao
Surat to vapi train after 2
where is sikhar dhawan
tattoo ?
one
bro my refunded money is not reflecting
Medical Store
whatttttt
i want the match schedule
i want to book gold class
thnks i am just checking...
pnr number is already shared on earlier communication
i have already paid
a text would do..
Please send me copy of this ticket yashibiyani1980@gmail.com
Can you show some me some details
hello yash
hyderbad
can i request you one thing?
Deepika i wanted to know if there is any offer in dominos
Actually recently I have done d recharge of 109 .... On 9738956946 dis no ... But it shows payment z successful .. but I didn't get any of d  amount in my cell
which team win _date_ both the match
what are up to ?
thanks kevin
tufan express allahabad to fatehpur
hey, i have booked a tatkal ticket yesterday and the train departured today morning and my ticket was in waiting list which didn't confirmed and i didn't get the refund for my ticket
The meeting is done delayed. Can u plz remind me about it at 12.15 hrs...
sure. i m.ss deepti.
I would like to end all reminders
State bank near by my location
april 30th
Reschedule meeting today @ 12 noon
don't need it ronak
No please off all the reminders
thanks its done
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 717511, user_id: 1984494, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Cash deposit mission fesility of State bank of mysore near to me
overs and batsmen playing and gone
no need for now
Hotels in bakkhali
i need ipl match tickets eden garden _date_ may
who won finals
remind me to pick me cloths from tailor master at 9 pm today
who has scored this nwhich team
recharge done?
terminal 1c
8.00am
also remind me to pay rent at 12pm
Margherita
uber booked
oh can you please provide me info about _date_ kkr vs kxip game
dnt have any requirement, just wanted to wish u good morning
aurangabad nanded train 5 feb 2107
thanks again
12/30/1899
be scores bol
hey puneet nplease help me with the t _numeral_ semi final tickets where can i buy them from
decided player name send kro
Get me the trains list running between chennai and  Calicut.
i paid onlone maam
hi , i have downloaded uber app and made payment method changes there
mumbai to bagdogra tickets cost
Cancel all alarms
which can provider are you providing
i want an iob atm
when is commando 2 releasing?
Is there any promo code for refund or cash back?
bangladesh ka kya hua
wake me up at 2pm today
no
Nearby restaurant with reasonable price
kya prepaid internet recharge kate sky
Any non veg resturants near by vijaynagar bangalore
but not after that
Any promocodes for cab booking?
how i will get coupon code
can you tell me about broadband service providers in my area
Can u find bus timings
pls fast bro
pune bbs exp on 16th sl
famous food place in dadar
Can u book a meru cab for me tomorrow 10:30 AM
not food
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for everyday at 08:00 am { reminder_list: 452716, user_id: 1708344, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
send a chart  of station
where is my cash back trip completed
nope... thanks...... not currently
kabil
got it.. but should ask them , why they have not done like this
same 2 u
Any earlier tickets
Hi morning need to book my return tickets
Mumbai to new Delhi janari super fast train or new tlgo sambadhi mahiti pahije
remaining matches
kon jita
no only once
any other?
Alchohal store
i want to rechg my fone
is there round trip option for this train
ok.....was...it..have....any..offer
but driver said that u will get money in paytm account
okay thanks.
when you call me in that time tell me that for mail check
and ipl also
Can u tell me the current seat status of previous train again ?
really virat kohli is such a fantabulous player
Can u plz check the availability for Chennai exp for 15 Oct 2016
aluva to payyannur
by the i m medical store owner
Can I get a taxi from prem nagar(dehradun) to tulas institute?
yaman tamil movie
not pm
maruthi authorized service centre
let me get back.
semi final t _numeral_ world cup latest schedule pic
can you please share me the price of mc donald's veg burger
bill payments of mobile only?
ryt nw need cab
best film in this time in bollywood
flight ticket
no thank you.
okkz
Do u  know which restaurant is giving  persal and home delivery at night
i want to see
can u confirm
i'm asking about the promo code for bill payment
thank you for the updates throughout the evening
everyday reminder to drink watar to everyday night 9pm done
"airtel broadband	kolkata	1492 rs"
Only siwan to kolkata
does royal challengers bangalore still have a chance of qualifying for the play offs
coupons
valluvarkottam
i want to do betting on _date_ s match
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 07:10 am { reminder_list: 715220, user_id: 1783269, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
hptk100
hii pooja
yeah no problem
who will win _date_ -
i guess its _numeral_ wicket down
hey remind me to remind bhavana to follow up the bescom tomorrow
hindi m batao
remind me to call joe at 17:15 today
my iphone 5s have charging problem
remind me to meet pratap tomorrow morning
Internet cafe
hotel opposite leela palace old airport road
Car pooling to Pune?
any offer for prepaid recharge?
share ride?
i was needed
please give only kolkata _hotel_ raiders match time tebel
its jharkhand no
aur kaha par hai
thanq for your response
offers??
wake me up at 8am today
now i want to stop this remainder
may i know all ipl winner team from beginning
not on trains
Tarin no 22104 faizabad to mumbai... faizabad super fst exp... date 4 to 10 December coach sleeper...
can you remaind me
when ?
mc donalds
can you please tell me if tickets for _date_ may match at eden s is available or not
oy
actually accidentally i pressed it
give me any solution
Is there any non veg hotels nearby
Help me regarding fix my iphone
book a movie ticket of commando 2
every 2 hrs starting from 8 am
pls show me flight
ok....i need to change the details of number of people flying
Pls chec the tickets to Bombay to goa air tickets on 18th Nov with best discount price
Coldplay tickets
set me a reminder every saturday for my application
Best 3G offer
i have used fly1000 already once can i use it again
ok i will book when i will need.
kohali run
Cancel all wake up alarm for today
you remember about reminder or not ?
i would be travelling from pune to tatanagar, jamshedpur. but it has to be via. delhi. this would be on the 10th pf november. can you plan out the route.
hello reply pls
sorry its today 7:15am
Book a wheel chair with indigo ticket
maybe later
give me the cheapest
I need hotel in Shimla on 8th oct
no only one
prices?
fights of foreign players in kings eleven punk s
jewelry shop
any offes on cab booking?
Uber promo code
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 07:00 pm { reminder_list: 472341, user_id: 1166611, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
"hi 	plz help to know the status of my courier through ecom express with waybill no 8510271026"
Corporation bank near me
kfc in bandra east
Hai im using airtel
is this computer generated reply? i need a suggestion... should i wait for two three days? is there any probability of flight fare down in the next two three days?
seat availability upto mumbai from newdelhi,can u msg train
hyderabad to goa
ya sure. thank you so much
can you tell me offers for electricity bill
Ahmedabad to Goa by train
hi done
wokaay
plz update my
3973
Remind me to call Rahul Poddar @7:25 tomorrow morning
they told today morning they vill solve my problem
Thodari review
yes r _numeral_ tell me score
tell some very good pure vegetarian hotel
top 5
remind me for saipress dated version after 120 days
7th march
hi i had not received cash back for my yest ride
0kay
how many kms
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 709774, user_id: 1982902, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Test for determining old rice and new rice
thanks dost
i want to tell pranav that he needs to sharp his pencil at 7 o clock
paytm have better offers
I want to book a 3x2 bus
need a cab emergency
this month 3rd week mobile bill payment
i need to find the best beauty parlours available near my present location.
5 star honeymoon package venice
could you please tell me right address
please manoj kumar let you drink
can you book me a movie ticket
mujhe tea ka business karna hai to pedal riksha banvana hai antique achhe image bhejo
i'm sorry... that wasn't intentional... just an accident. please schedule my wake up call at the  specified timr
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for fri, 03 march at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 687411-687412-687413-687414-687415-687416, user_id: 1978435, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
प्राइस बहुत ज्यादा है
which player is bowling
Cancel all my reminders from today onwards
remind me on 9th march abt meeting dr for ear stitching
akshay can u give me nearby music store adress
cinema
I want to book ticket in Gujarat Mail in 3AC on 16th September late night from Mumbai to Anand
kkr se kisne kitne banaye
Can you book cab for us?
Yes I would want reminders today as well
yoo done
have d flight rates decreased
can you please tell me clearly
kuch  offer to dete nahi
Fun cinema ticket counter opens at?
hi.. i need a round trip flight from bangalore to delhi and back on 9th march
Chennai to goa flight ticket how much
bhai i had said to stop all reminders till next thursday and resume on next thursday
any offer from domino's today?
I am planning to visit Mahableswar, pls provide me the detail information on this as to how to go to there etc also suggest the cheapest route of journey
can u plzz send me the availability
23 gurusaday road.... opposite to mainland china
cn you gve all d matches schedule
17209..  train name
I have cancelled all my reminders but I am still getting Msgs and calls. Why is this so?
can you book the cab now......??
I can book the tickets for tomrrow  today??
i just wanted to use pool and gym
who r d current commentators
hey kamlesh cud you please tell me the final outcum of lastnights match
thank you so much puneet.
kya krega bhai
Need cheap  flight rate for next month 15
can you send me the complete scorecard
do you think virat kohli will score _date_
this is killing me
mmts train from moula-ali to ghanpur?
there is no store here
how check idea data balance
non-authorised will also do and those open today
Hey, can you find me the nearest children's hospital?
remind me to withdraw money
i was just trying this app for the first time.
movie: badrinath ki dulhania
miyapur cross road
not at night
Hey, Id like to plan Pondicherry...can yu suggest d hotel ?
265 479 3479
whats the betting rate on nz
a program?
hi sakshi my electricity bill is still peding.
hey i need to be reminded of sunday meeting at 11:00 am
What if i dont wake up after the call
i would like to cancel all my weak up calls
may _numeral_ and may _numeral_ matches remind an hour before schedule time
at 11
i want to order pizza
india astrailia ka t _numeral_ cricket kitne baje se start hoga
ok... will get back little later...
by 10pm
that s over _numeral_ runs _time_
can you book railway tickets?
hiiii siddharth
Kindly book the tickets
250 rs off on 500 is for new users?
may i tell u the place
hi ,daniel
will the match stary on tome _date_
palakollu to hyderabad
is it refundable
Can you help me with best 2G net pack vodafone
i am little confused
nonveg resturatant
kkk
Meeting reminder
means who won the final match ipl _numeral_ m
Are there busses from adoor to ernakulam
hello shruti,,,,i changed my phone many times so i need my full data which i uploaded on haptik,,,means i want all the data which i added as remainder,, so can you help me?
mysore to madhurai
dry cleaning services nearby?
bus for srikakulam
Can u provide me bus schedule
Subway in jodhpur
Plz don't call me everytime
any offer in train booking
will let you know if i need assistance
m
bhaiya
Yesterday u not called why sir it remainder yo me
please check the special coupons for particular user.
can you please help me to get ipl _numeral_ schedule
pl remind me tomarow calle an dairy cheq
Alright, your meeting reminder has been set to meet with Abhishek from Zee Marudhara, venue is Hotel Marriott Jaipur at 11:00 PM on Mon, 26 September. You will receive a call from us at that time. Have a great day.
i just wanna see... the menu
Microwave oven transformer
12/30/1899
m j library
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sun, 05 march at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 719785-719786-719787-719788-719789-719790-719791-719792-719793-719794-719795-719796-719797-719798-719799-719800, user_id: 1985013, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
3171 rated ticket needed spicejet
can i make the payment of my land line bills
in chembur east
wait
kk do tat
not cancel
"		i would like to cancel my reminder to 'get up to play' for thu, 02 march at 06:50 am { reminder_list: 678562, user_id: 1969723, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
so kkr will win this ipl
can you please tell me about the timings of dermatologist in jain hospital malad
Hey i had asked to stop d medicine reminder
apply fly1000
Best roll  making street food restaurant
I waana book ms dhoni in big cinema galaxy jaipur
do you suggest me perfect diet chart?
den everywhere it is showing as rs. 4370...and only u r saying the ticket costs rs. 4733
i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 02:00 am { reminder_list: 483555, user_id: 1913335, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
Could you tell me reminders for today
no need for help now.
u all guys fix hotels also??
with cardio
okk sid bye and thanks alot
Sir can u tell me is there any authorised dell service center in faridabad?
there's no cash
are there any offers currently for booking movies
i want to see if seats r available in patalkot express
kolkata to bangalore
very less review nly for those games
can u help me to book ticket
Federal bank atm
can you send me some players batting status like virat kohli
wait i don't have
not now. will think about it
inwhat way cashbackcanbeused
can you suggest me best dermatologist
Wake up call at 5?
there are two options
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for mon, 06 march at every 4 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 728319-728320-728321, user_id: 1936755, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for mon, 06 march at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 723410-723411-723412-723413-723414-723415-723416-723417-723418-723419-723420-723421-723422-723423-723424-723425-723426-723427-723428-723429-723430, user_id: 1985851, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
tnqqq
Turn reminder off
get me details on monsters alpha gym
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sun, 05 march at every 1 hour from 9:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 717255-717256-717257-717258-717259, user_id: 1982531, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Trains between Tirupati & shiridi
ok will u come with me for coffre
for 1 seat
hi good morning shruti
Can u search for hotels
Can you send carpenter who can fix our main door locking issue
schedule both of dem
where can i book tickets for ipl
i want to see match in stadium
adress
Call me on given time..
alarm
start time
pls book seat
Cheapest flight to dubai from any indian airport
offer for electric bill
na bol ba marde kuchu
can i pay with wallet ?
Train timings for tomorrow , sleeper from cuddph to banglore
if u know air costa is closing down
i m ready for this live match
good night priyanka..
bro do i have 75 cash
can you actually give me more details about jio plan?
"		i would like to cancel my to-do: eat eggs for everyday at 09:59 pm { reminder_list: 655612, user_id: 1689770, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
it's not open showing only 3d secure page black
Axis bank near by alkapuri
what is _date_ s match score
what is the fair of pune to patna ?
hi! i want to know the best data plans.{task}
ready to take a ride
how to pay online for cabs?
may i kn the flight status
thanks for giving information
please give me tue number of china swami
can u pls confirm if this restro can deliver at my place or not?
is there any coupon code for airtel bill payment ??
cool
How to make a recharge on mtnl mobile using account balance
why is n t russell playing
any offer on uber cab
need a table for 4
its to costly
Is flight is on time....
can show me todays score board of rcb
Wat movies are running at Asian attapur?
where is the next srh match
Nearest male hair salon
Train from Coimbatore to Ottapalam
march 15 th hyd to tirupati can i know tickets available for 4 memrs
hi can you please remind me of rcb matches
no problem
but qualify karne ke chance hain
Yes please plan a trip for me to Thailand
please stop these alerts
no thanks sharon
so what you think who will win the match
you can stop medicine reminder now
i want to book tickets for pune from delhi
I want to cancel my Flight ticket
Book an hotel
Delhi to Kashipur ac bus tomorrow
and it's showing wl2
hmmm. that's alright. you can tell me the shops.
can u answaer me if my waiting list is10 in tatkal where my train boarding date is 05/03/2017 at 9:45 can i confirm my sir or not plz answer me its urgent
wt abt _date_ s ipl match
i want to go kanyakumari,kerala on 6/3/2017
what all are the matches schedule for _date_
ok from mumbai
if any
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 710099, user_id: 1983272, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
but i am in ap
qt any cost
Dominos chicken mania menu please
want to eat lasagna
best hotel for non vage
on local theater
wats the over man
just try for traina
i want to book tickets for logan the movie
Please set it for every 2 hours
please stop reminder for drink water
Coffee culture
please update the scores timely
when is the next match international match in mumbai wankhede stadium
hyderabad to newdelhi
find me good resort and it's price
reliance store
at 5.00
yes plz
any romantic movie
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 06:30 am { reminder_list: 695605, user_id: 1980026, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
for chennai
local trains?
Plz remind me to go to passport seva kendra on 21
Cancelled my wake up call
I want to cancel the reminders
I need train tickets to trivendrum
Plz show me
thank you saumya
i dnt want to order anything as i told u i was jst checking this app...thank u for ur help....
"please tell my pnr status	2428644243"
u sad  no train ticket ava lib to tirupathi
aap hume kiss prakar se help kar sakate hai
I have a doubt regarding post ponding flight ticket.. I hav booked flight from Chennai to sharajah on 12 October, I need to postpond to 14 October....
Reminder me on 4th sept
i want to know availability and fare in ac 3 tier (3a) in train number 12786{product_id:12786_sbc_kcg,api_name:trains_api}
surja can you please stop this reminder
will i get the ticket?
should i get the ₹75 discount with this app
Theater nearby
minimum recharge amount???
i really hate ipl
who is holding orange cap
tell me all the route indore to pune and pune to indore with travel hours
ltt
who wons
kaissa hain kaffi time baad online hain
i want to go  Udaipur to bomby by airline
agla match kiska hai
Can you book tctkal tckt
mohit
suggest some places to visit in agra
Can u tell me restaurant near me that have home delivary facility
bokaro steel city to dhanabad
how much will be cost
a message is fine
"internet 	i mean broadband bill"
thanks for the offer. but i have no plans for traveling soon enough
possible to give best deal bangalore to mysore and mysore to ooty from 1st to 5th including stay in 3/5 star and travelling also.
hey can u make a reminder call
my location is wrong
yeah i will let you know
Best flight deal for Kolkata to Bangalore on 12 th Nov 2016..1 passenger adult.
no thanku
and his mobile number is 8368861804
please..
i have one promo code when it will expire
ill share my flight details
what run doing
sir india idol show ka final kab hai chek karke batana pls
any other offers
thank you derpti
can't book if its waiting list
yu
why you didn't col me at 7:40
yaa
but sleep is necessary without sleep how can you work
Show me patteens
i have done it using it your book a table option
payment done
"hello	any offer in cab booking"
swami restaurant menu please.
dnd means
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for sat, 04 march at 08:04 am { reminder_list: 686988, user_id: 1978360, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
btw.. are you free?
oh k thanks
i want to go delhi on 21st april from mumbai
Need taxi
Please update me everyday until the seat is confirmed
wake me up at 8.30 in the morning and to recheck whether i woke up or no call me back at 9 am
Passport is required from delhi to coimbatore
boliye
had ur lunch
Can you suggest me some good customised honeymoon package for new Zealand?
distance
still more
mukta sangli
what is thia
where can i get a birthday cake now near bandra
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 707780, user_id: 1982618, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
jo time maine to do list me save kiya h
hi i won't to book cab
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 05:00 pm { reminder_list: 709053, user_id: 1983074, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Can u plz stop the reminders
Isl opening chermony ticket
in which stadium
rates are still very high
idea
Ya I want to book a ticket from Mumbai to Lucknow on 27th
kk shruti
show
Please tell me the trains from tirupathi to  nellore after 4.30 p.m
fare:2150,sc:0.0 pg ins agent chgs, if any
i mean today
wake me up at 9
this is my offer
one at 8:30 am , another at 1:30pm and the other at 8:30pm
ok tq
when can i book the tickets online?
New delhi to patna sampoornktanti ka train
behind hp petrol bunk
what to.do
please send the scorecard of kholi
why cant india team cant play in our grounds where others are smashing hundreds
no you booking please
aavas vikas kalyanpur
near to me
Samiksha will you please remind me of not meeting someone?
afternoon i just woke up bruh.😂
plz give wake up call
ohh ya
how much collection hebbuli film
it's ok but please do attention on your work
5:25am okay?
rcb score
remind me to book lpg gas today at 2 pm
can you tell about women hostel available in mumbai
just a few mintes
yuuhhuu... m frm gujarat... how cn i get discount ?
Koatak mahindra bank atm
any cash back on electricity bills
which are the movies releasing this weekend? hollywood
resta
what is menu for reservation
near by gyms for women
still waiting for the email confirmation?
who will win the ipl _numeral_ title
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 07:00 am { reminder_list: 725806, user_id: 1986557, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
thank you so much madam
do you book bus tickets
where is the finals scheduled and how do i get tickets
how much score rps has given to kkr and in how much over
the details that i shared above
hubali to birur
please help me with their fares
can you send text msg to my girlfriend
Metro station??
Get me the price  and specificstion of samsung active wash washing machine
Food hasnt reached yet
anybody is here
new panvel
hello gud mrng
who is the opponent
Hi pls dont send me these reminders untill i tell you to
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 10:00 pm { reminder_list: 673224, user_id: 1974002, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
you said the service is down
u told is wrong
i want to know what is the fare for chennai to bangalore in suv vechicle
remind me to remove break today at 15:30pm
glad meaning
on 20/03/17
will let u know shortly ty
good n
please find out other gym
ryt?
can u do me a favour
can i have highlights of _date_ final
goa ke casino ka ret bata sakti ho kya
Danapur to rajendra nagar train today
i need punjab national bank
dvaraka
ok send detail
semi-finals
Y didnot call me
any burger or pazza
hindi me baat karoge aap ?
what can you do?
no thanks....
On 3ac
email nhi aaya mujhe
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 12:15 pm { reminder_list: 691119, user_id: 1979136, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
score board of rcb _date_ match
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 12480{product_id:12480_bvi_mj,api_name:trains_api}"
Hi can u pls check the availability of trains that goes to Salem on 7th of October ?
remind me to take injection on 6/03/17 at 6.00pm
is there movie near to my location
set it again
8th march too need same. plz ,thank you
Vodafone store near by
Panorim resort
but got too delayed
half an hour updates please
give the updates
i wil
that's far
give me update after every over
love u
Give me the best route from pune to amravati.
75 cashback??
any offer
i want to recharge my jio mobile
what are the offers going on
a ny recharge offer
hi could u give hotel rajbhog number in meerut{task}
SBI Cash Receiver ATM Machine... Looking Near..
uninstalling now.
cricket score
giving me _date_ live score
datson showroom
please give iternary for next day
who won the match between pune and gujrat
hello...show me d trains in morning
no just is it available are not
Train routes
Madhurawada bus dipo is there on 5 pm
shall dd will win
i asked for sunrises hyderabad team updates _date_ at _time_
sorry pankaj plan is change i will ask u latter
around
i want to ask you one question ?
thank you vanisha. i did.. :)
malmaddi dharwad
sure.. there is no problem.. with that
i am now where
you yoo
secunderabad to faizabad on 13april trains
Are there any reminders set on my number
I haven't received tour package details through email
yo haptik ppl
janata trein baroda to godhra kaha kaha pe khadi rahti he
camera nt working
there hasn't any promo codes ?
any recharg offer
referral recharge channel
thank you so the ticket i will get in mail right
but i know you see _date_ gujrat will win
no msg
no not now
remind me to drink water every 2 hour
shimla n manali for couples
hey khusboo
ek pulaav bhaji
2422894364 Pnr status?
call me at 6 am today morning
u send me train details only
Suggest me some places to visit tomorrow
what are the offer??
no need to do now..but if needed i'll surely ask for your help..thank you samiksha
predict score
May i knw the train towards kannur from mangalore??
Hi I want to know which latest movie in pvr juhu
u know hindi
other travel
who won the toss for _date_ s match
puerv
done
provision store kitnai baje khulti hai in dadar
I wnna to know most cheapest flight for bangkok from delhi in any date of dec. Around ticket i need 8 day trip
sanjay egg call
points table
i want whole ipl champions list and with records
I want aloo patty Burger
omg my support for sri lanka but they lost
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 12:00 pm to 11:00 pm. { reminder_list: 622941, user_id: 1958781, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i dont know the no. but know the name of train
you guys haven't received freewill in 36 hours
please give me 10 minutes i vl get bck
gd aftrnun
Where can i find a nearest hookah parlour
i need sbi atm
wake me up daily with this time
"my pickup is- 		shakti nagar	10a/1, goel lane	block 10, shakti nagar	delhi, 110007	india"
what is the reservation booking time in yesvantpur
ride estimate
on a weekend in 10 days
or pune
sorry bangladesh
Call janavi tomorrow
no need! thanks a ton!
remind me i want to go to gym
can you tell me who will win todays match between rcb and kkr
Hey, can you help me find a suitable train?{task}
allow more discount
Help me to find the way to go nearest ksrt busstand from south Railway station
whos win
when is the fly1000 code applicable till?
but i drink
glamour bandra west show on map
can you help me with points table please
"please proceed with below flights -		onward flight - rs.5861	goair (g8-135)	new delhi to patna	departure: 06:20 am (06 mar)	arrival: 07:55 am (06 mar)	 {product_id:32545a6aa723cda736c740d4da91a7fa5fbe7e37ae7c4d4fe498b53dbc1cd22f57f1a8734c1adb6e02643e3b9263cb9ed794d22806d817aeab774c2908c77d5f, api_name:goibibo_api, type:onward_flight, others:onward flight - rs.5861 goair (g8-135) new delhi to patna departure 0620 am (06 mar) arrival 0755 am (06 mar) }"
current tick available in there
every 1 hiur
what is dak id
One more reminder pls
who might win the finals
don't need
mogals kukatpaly
lenskart sbop
any changes in team
wat
remind me for
Infocus service center
hi sakshi, is there any good offer for me?
what teams are into the qualifier
i need a reminder to be set
who won last match _date_
hi can i get t _numeral_ world cup final match tickets to be held at eden garden what is the cost per ticket
can u wake me up everyday
kool tq
Restaurant with 300 for 2
m not able to see pics
before ride
Can u find out good places for me to go out with friends for three days holiday in the month of october
i have been to them. they dont hve cash.. what should i do?
when the next match of mumbai is going to held
i want to book cab after 4:30
no not _date_ but fot india v pak
edapally
May I get a cab from Delhi t3 to shaker at cheap rates?
rcb batting
call me 2. 30pm today to remind me to send a mail to my mom
sorry it was my mistake
morning
please confirm it aeap
ohh
please update me with every over
hii khusboo
i need discounts on international travels
so you are the only for reminder
to such number should i send dnd
about ambakheri
ion digital zone idz cityland m s vinsar infotech lane c beside sindh hosiery cityland trading hub off nh6 nr.borgaon dharmale amravati 444901
"wake up call on 95661 06844 at 5 am today.	please schedule"
Sahid kapoor & Nargis Fakhri New Movie
denied by rishi
can you provide in offline
its showing that delivery will be done at 8 30 pm , what's the issue
please delete all my reminders
i need this wake up call for three months
i meant night reminders too everyday with 30min gap
kon _numeral_ out
T8 bus stand
buses??
4429299903
byeeee😊
i mean to ask _date_ s matches
badme query btata hu..bye ..take care
which movie next week
thanks will check
i need closest motthot finance
sorry for the trouble
i want to the available cashback offers
where is _date_ s match
for every _numeral_ mins give me an update
still waiting
pysc delhi won huh
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 4 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 706927, user_id: 1982240, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i need monthly reminder
i need to book a cab
pls cancel the appointment of air conditioner uninstallation
can u do check-in for my flight
can u wake me at 8 in the morning
is there any chance to connect haptik with this ridem
i wanted my idea no offers 9964795836
uttam nagar
Hey guys can I have the fare for flight tickets
also asking me to book :)
suraj how are you man?
thank u and wish u the same
Mam I want to know the departure and arrival time of coalfield EXP from Asansol to Howrah
wake me up at 3:30pm today
any offers going on for me?
can you tell me the position srh on points table
when is the next match in kolkata
hindi me bat kro na
i wanted to know when ipl is going to end
Can you check the plan ticket rate from Nagpur to calicut
booked wrong destination
vijay nagar
update me with live score _time_ mnts
movies in siddipet
you know the sad part about _date_ s match
i want you know what is the lunch hours for syndicate bank peenya ind branch
hi padma
hey give a reminder before match that the match is about to start
can u gelp me out
no & thank you
What are the timings of pink in carnival asansol
scorecard rcb
for my account..
which i hv booked last night
will it confirmed?
i don't want to book the bus ticket...just wanted to know the details of the buses available for travel
excuse me
thank
car washing
Remind me tomorrow to buy a cake for a friend whose birthday is on 17th of September
Can you help me find the nearest reliance store.....
tel something about virat
I want buy sim for net which sim has  gud offer
One seat is not together :/
scor please
remaining matches schedule please
how many matches to go
Movie Theatre
hey i wnt to order
appreciate your work.. 👍🏻
at pune
Train from palakad town to kottyam tomorrow between 10am and 12 pm
can you tell me exact address of sarovar hotel on lavasa road
yes i need
is there an sdl factory outlet near me ?
Gopalan arch mall bus stop
Can I know the details regarding the transport from Guwahati to Goa????
i want to delete the reminders
etawah to ghuati,1 adult,
ravulapem movies shows
Yes looking for hotels to stay in Gokarna
after every _numeral_ minutes
hi want information about 12809 train
tomorrow morning just after 6 hrs from now
can you help me with my check-in
all reminder are cancel
return date 6 june 2017 from kerala
but there is no need to wake me up tomorrow
no,i want to know medical websites
give me updates for every match of kkr
if i don't wake up than call me again please
what are the schedule of semi final
"dear sandeep chauhan, ayub r shaikh has been assigned for laptop repairs - desktop (inspection) service on 02 mar, 2017. your service cost is rs. 349.	- timesaverz"
Can I book a cab here
hi, i want to see restaurants around me.{task}
send recharge offers
A best and cheap restaurant in hyderabad
wat is the problem
near by temple
ponnysamy hotel
full score board wi vs afs
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 693201, user_id: 1979833, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
any restaurants nearby my place
i want bar
i want to have chelo kabab
any cheap flight tkt
Find me an HP laptop service center near Churchgate
namaste
okay also set it for 6:45 and 7:00 am
can u please wake up me at 3 tomarrow
We have decided to book two tickets fort 3pm flight on Saturday.  Names YSPSRKCHOUDARY and Y veerrajamma
i want to login again
i want to buy some electronic components for project work...
what time is the match and between which teams
anjali who was the business head on vedafone ??
will do it later thn
I want room for rent
can i know if this movie is running in r deccan
just an outline
i need chicken biryani with in  200 rupies
Distance between villupuram and Pondicherry
just let me how i can redeem the heptik money?
railway
hey anyone there?
i need to get the train details
i could n t see many teams in points table
i was to get 50 rs cahback on my 1st online transaction.. i did the trnsaction, but didnt get ny cashback yet.. can u pls check
railway station
I want to repair my phone display
soch k btata hu
can u help me.. towards lodging
make it fast
i want to book flight ticket from new delhi to kolkata on 12th march
thank you but i am not in need of that
thats enogh thanks
silchar guwahati
By the way restaurant we select so actually kya hoga in candle light dinner or in lunch we want menu with rate
first, he wrote list of material require for making item. then he told that i will work tomorrow not today.
kfc in rajahmundry
A/C sleeper please
They didn't have a reservation on my name.
scorecard of _date_ s match
every hr woukd be gr8 sneha!!
now ipl status
india s next match when
tell ne the time table of today between 10:00-12:00am train from akra to bace bridge
want to go bhutan
Give menu for dominos
actually the trip was cancelled in few minutes back
cancel remainder
am i eligible for rs75 cashback?
iam call my house 4:30
cn i get info aftr evry ball or over please
i want to book train in sleeper class
indian marches after ipl
set drink water reminder between 6 am to 10 pm
What is the fare for one month train pass from dadar to umbargam road 2nd class .
socr
Any other recommendations for North Indian and South Indian restaurants
need to find hotels at hyderabad
on 04 march wake me up at 8
rate ?
recharge pe koi off hai kya
can i recommend my friend there
Chart is prepared
hi ☺☺☺☺
bhaidas
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 31 march at 06:36 pm { reminder_list: 682754, user_id: 1689770, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
please update me after _date_ innings
no more updates required
Pushtidham visit
today 6:00 am
mulind, bhandup, ghatkopar
what i can do with this cash back
can i meet you
Right time of  Departure  of Mumbai Mail from Howrah on 7-9-2016
can you call me up in a different number?
I want to go phulera
4 sitara diye bhai theek hai na
good morning thank you for the wake up call
am very hungry
any other in middnight
is there 50 rs off skim available right now?
I want to go to Varanasi by train
sbi bank
"		i would like to cancel my `wish boy happy birthday!` reminder for fri, 10 march at 12:00 am { reminder_list: 685269, user_id: 1978006, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
call me at 6.59
I want a car to be towed from Lucknow to delhi
raheja vanya maps bestech altura maps recheck
motthot finance in kirti nagar
is it started on time??
thank you ronan
for afternoon show
ch deposit union bank
Remind me a birthday on 22nd November
hello!
call driver sahab
Which movies are going on in Neptune magnet mall
okay dude...thank u
this 7908 is for 2 people??
i need to book tickets for ahmedabad to chandigadh on 1st may and i need 4 tickets so please let ms know
running status???
Is there any availability of rooms in lilavati guest house somnath trust
say say
Buses from Nagawar to majestic
what s the scores of ipl
in the weakdays.
any hdfc atm near my location which having cash in it?
Give me window seats
thanx sneha
marriage photo videos basis prizes
need help in book flight
thanks & same to u
food point
what is story komal
venkatagiri railway station
Nearby scooty showrooms
i want to ask about the amenities provided by the hotel vits weather they r providing breakfast or not
what result _date_ would favour rcb ti win the tournament
payment options failed
bengaluru
price is too high
Bank of India atm
get flat rs.250 cashback on recharge or bill payment of rs.500 or more. use coupon code hptk250
mai sakhmohan me hoon
Re book my train tikets to prasantinilayam from delhi on 15 january 2017 plz
one hour
please get the schedule of above train
you too ☺
South Indian bank atm
Is their train in return on sunday
Off my reminder
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 07:40 am { reminder_list: 686928, user_id: 1976372, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
send me more
okay i will later
i do n t need updates right now
home services love you do moch
2 Rail tkts from delhi to mumbai 1st class rajdhani express on 24 nov
wake me up at 11.00 pm today
surely shall do that
Which movies are about to come on this Friday?
my phone is not recharged
yesssss
i will tell you tomorrow
what is dth offer
where is gaurav sir
any deals in pancakes
which batsman s in the crease
l really like dis app. ..........💟
is there any offer for electricity bill payment
thanks for reminding reshma.
can you tell me where the final match of ipl is held
it's already 36 hours
4129290280
tell me music academies near my location here
khanda colony phone no ????
wo win the match
when yuvraj singh coming back
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 10:00 pm. { reminder_list: 633647, user_id: 1956620, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
what is you are thinking about ipl _numeral_ which team will win this ipl _numeral_
There were 2 reminder for 10:02 but I got reminder for only one.
sorry out of money
yes i like to get updates
thanks for the help i found the atm
ab mat bolna no offer
where is match of kkr
i need guitar classes near me
i'm having one thanks..
3/3/2017
thanks meenakshi
4 people
Wanna go to bhangarh fort next month need information about cab services and car rentals from Delhi to bhangarh fort
I want to order from dominoes
give me live svores
Do u have menu
can u get me the price of the tickets
set a reminde5
Mi store near me
Category of hotels
250 is just for inspection, right?
hey remind to do "abhiyankars assignment " at 4 am
i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 06:30 am { reminder_list: 700374, user_id: 1956008, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
make reminder
hi plz stop this reminders
how few seconds
any tiffin service available here
plz stop my all reminders
Update  up coming movies
Can you tell me where's the nearest State Bank of India branch
if there is any flight ticket within 4000/- send me in detail.
who is the best player in ipl
In which theater Irumugan movie is running?
no fair is 5
fu... off
i want to book 3 rides
city pride
match updates
qualifier _numeral_ already over
What's the best price I can get from new Delhi to Mumbai for 27th September
Wht time is the train and Wht time it will reach Bombay ?
no cancle
yes i cancelled
may i have score card
i want to know the price range of a flight which departs from kochi to trivandrum on 29 th april
commentary
i want to know if mobile phones are allowed into the stadium food will be available inside the stadium and at what time we need to reach the stadium
get me ipl schedule
no. do
is there any minimum booking amount reqd
pls go ahead
sorry,pnr status this number
Find me the nearest courier service
charges will be as mentioned irrespective of location?
call is imp
hlw shruti gm.. kya kar rahe ho ap
12 a shrinagar extension
how u will remind me
need info
who do think is going to win
I would like to recharge mu DTH
liking this app, you guys are doing great
can you help me
I want to go BPL to TVC for 3 days please advice pakage
I would like to buy pizza from Domino's pizza located at palampur
Timing of cinemas at city mall
Hi can u tell me a kfc near by uthandi
check pnr status
can u please give me the number of niit in udaipur
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 08:30 pm { reminder_list: 610699, user_id: 1881061, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
whats the train running status ryt nw
muje ek story script ko copyright karwana kya karna chaiye
in pvr
What about in Mall of India
I want to book cab
even the timings for buses is not available.?
pr map me wha pe school ka naam show nai ho rhaa
or kuch
which match tomrow
pka mat
no , its okay
nzm
could you wake me up at morning
after innings
i want to know abt savvari
puneet thank you so much
could you please suggest me any other theater's
i need offers on movie tickets
pizza points
then how to pay
sure. nd its d grt aap i hve ever seen u r alwz dere fr hlp.. *****
taken thanks
first show me the rates
hey sachin
discounts on movie logan
one plate
Yes set a reminder
good evaning
seat is confirm,right? not n waiting list
Keep calling till the gym I don't wake up
which cab have low cost ride
title : icici cc
okay sir
hi i want a plumber for faucet and toiletary fixing
thanxx
8.54
any scheme on payment of post paid
hi shilpa..
helloooo
yes was a awesome match
where can i find good smoke chicken
will you update me the scores
Chinese hut in east delhi
means no confirmed seat ?
who s captain of gujarat lions
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 686313, user_id: 1977806, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i think your replying time is _time_ min na
fee
veeram
aur btao
Flight status
book tatkal ticket for me
you remimd me when i open this app
Hello Alokita, can you find a Dell laptop service centre near Gangothri Circle,BTM
monika kuch help kro gi
can u give me the movie ticket details in theatres near me?
Reminder to watch a ashok on colors tv
its too late bye bye
m.s.k.telecom.dhanaila
thank you can you send me individual scores of pune
Pls stop all my reminders
i want air conditioner service to be done
data card recharge offers??
indian thali ?
can u remind me
give the details of live ipl match
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 06:00 am { reminder_list: 727372, user_id: 1986867, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Check this pnr of flight A4685Y
sunday open
when is next match of india is due
Flight ticket for new delhi?
wat r u doing
destination: terminal id airport
history of virat kohli
I want in Rajdhani exp
any other atm's are there
if reminder is set pls also let me know for what i kept the reminder
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 19270{product_id:19270_aii_adi,api_name:trains_api}"
can i pay online
refundable amt?
i need to see movie availabe theatre i'm my current location
bhai silver sity mai ab nahi hai
"please remind me 	on the third of every month 	to pay my internet bill"
zootopia
u from madam
_date_ twenty twenty cricket match which will playing _date_
send me the present score
sorry punit i've dropped the idea for now
in _numeral_ ipl purple cap
nenu local
send payment link again
which team has won the ipl cup most of the team
càll me monai
"hi	is there any taxi service for jammu to katra?"
Contact number of Htc service centre at Rohini sec-6 Delhi
pls ignore. sent in error
i want the latest point table dis _numeral_ is nt d latest _numeral_
Which bus to take to reach phoenix mall kurla from mhada chandivali
good morning baby
hello minakshi
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 683340, user_id: 1977378, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
need to book cab
do u have tirupathi  darashan ticket 300rs
Ac sales
t _numeral_ match live time
whats the score atm
whether sangam cinemas available??
wake me up at 8am tomorrow
Patna to new delhi
remind me to fill the jaiib exam form on 15th of march
May I know what is the availability of seat for tomorrow for same train from kacheguda
can you please let me know the results of _date_ s match
Please check the train from jodhpur to jaipur
500072 and 110092
i am not able
what is per km charge?
Please Remind me to call ki kar madam in next 15 mins
but i have not received any confirmation from reliance side
i don't want any more reminders now
bow its march second
don't want now thanks
Tamil movies
i need discount in telangana
oops my mistake
plz share
gud afternoon
thanks 😄
my location to gamca institute jo sec v mye hay,,,woha pe jana k liye cabs meye kitna price parega?
i've loaded amount into wallet
OK thanku,plz can u get me other movies playing in same location
jack daniel's whiskey in ludhiana
i want restaurant near by yelahankaa
please remove the previous reminder of 10.45
Nearby sbi atm
Cuisine or dish: Seafood
who is man of the match in _date_ s rcb match
where will t _numeral_ world cup final match be played
can i ask 1 question for u? if u don't mind
wann hv pizza
have you any offer for me today
ok please remind me tomorrow at 11:00am to go in rto office
another cab.. i want
8-03-17 chinku
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 688518, user_id: 1978575, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Can u do wake up cal dude
thank you for score
india wins
hi can you please send me the score card
remind me to make bird eye presentation on each fri
send me cricket update of ipl only when rcb s playing n let the interval be _numeral_ min
code?
alright if i required ping u...
paytm has 50% cash back offers
can you just keep me on update with scores if it is possible
kings ix punjab team details of _date_ s match
Yoga classes nearby Nolambur Chennai
thanks a lot suraj. so nice of you
Why on earth are you sending me reminders
okkk
more match
hey sumit which new bollywood movies are near by my place are in theoter
what i'm asking
xl punjab finished batting
How to check my airtel no.
todays match whose team
yes virat is unstoppable
thanks😇
from kota rajasthan to bhubaneswar
is it true that we will get 50% off on movie tickets ?
Helo any paytm recharge copons
delhi
do you still look for home services
send me full scorecard of rcb
Dominos offers today
hi _date_ update me score of rcb match without fail buddy
wht is tym of todays match
uber offers in bangalore
no just the first match
i need another help
good afternoon
Recharge offers
yupwill do😊
ahh
Nearby bus stop
is match still on
delhi to goa
"		i would like to cancel my `wish laalasa happy birthday!` reminder for tue, 04 april at 11:00 am { reminder_list: 631623, user_id: 1961281, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Hdfc ATM bank
Hey can you set a reminder for me?
i want to see the scorecard
i am looking near manipal hospital not in kotamangala
but i have a doubt
Please set reminders
Don't reminder me anything
who s batting right now
is this live chat
ok not now
resume
hope the cab is fixed
kolkata to guwahati
return details from hyderabad to delhi
how did you calculate that
i had
no logan yet?
pay the rent
Yes pl do...it's 2 BHK...850 sq ft.,..floor bathroom windows cupboard only
rockline mall
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 233116, user_id: 564852, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
i want to book movie ticket.
new released bollywood movie
what is the score of nmumbai indians
commando to
Hi I want aquaguard waterfiler service centers n Mysore location gokulam arra
good evng
any gym
Near bank of india branch
jiomoney
3😆😗
apps ke bare me aap jankari de sakate hai
in tulusi thsther which movi in bangalore at marathalli
i want cheaper flights please
after 2pm
it is very urgent for me to get cofirmation
can i schedule different medicine for different time
hey mayur can you please tell me the cupons for recharge or bill payments
which channel can i watch ipl in tatasky
hey reshma
wht do you think whos gon na win
Which movie are releasing this friday
is cab booked
coupons for ola
And also tell the flight price from Lucknow to delhi
i set reminder today actually ,, i don't know what can u remaind me
show me
except sunday
not tonight
dental clinic address?
every 4 hour
Can I get first or second class ac for 5 members
web check in
i had booked a flight ticket few days back
food*
i need live score of wl sa
1pax
where do i get good shawarma here?
thanks daniel
can u tell me full talk time on airtel rajasthan
who won the ross
simple service is too expensive!!
at morn 5clk tomor
apka dhanyawaad
miss u
let me know if u have any discount
after 1 hour
Can u remind me every month of my anniversary
i need this reminder via calls
near by kfc
Idfc atm card can anywhere in india or only in idfc bank atm
It's already set no?!
do you think rcb have a chance of winning
remind me about marriage certificate on saturday
i m first time user
any more
rcb need to win _numeral_ match right to qualify
present data mobile data balance
sorry. i will try next time.
trainn jisme gernal ho
Places to visit near munnar
k taata i have to study for my exams
okies
jaipur to gaziabaad via delhi
hi i want to go for gujarat in ahemadabad
for 2 people
today. by 6
manampur
i hv asked my bro to download haptik
to kacheguda railways station
plzz wake up me
can you show me the time of _date_ match
sorry i wan to delet 9:59 wake up call...
i would like to know any nearby place where they can deliver a cake if ordered to the address??
and who won the match
buy cake today at 10pm
cesc not there
gud evening
bookmyshow
Remove my mornning wake up call
Latest airtel data plan is not yet updated
tell
i want to see logan movie
hsbc, cr card
news about bank
nah. thanks a lot.
hey, can you set a wake up alarm for me? ⏰
eligible??
which cricket game is going on _date_
for 5 days.
yes msg me the winner
Hi i wanted to get service for my samsung tv
best bengali cusine
hi ni want know is there is match tommrow in north country mall
are there any chances of mitchell starc playing for rcb if he recovers
cant refund wallet to bank
mysore to Bangalore train tom
it's ok
who will win any idea p
too
is there any pizza shop near by in this area
departure city not mentioned
cn u send me the menu of gypsy restaurant jodhpur sardarpura
Sure. Pls set a 'Drink water' reminder every hour starting 10 am to 7pm. Will be helpful for sure
Find me nearby theatres
i want a reminder
okay itz okay
tell me tickets available for uppal stadium on _date_ ipl match
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 09:00 am { reminder_list: 620286, user_id: 1954005, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
find me trains from bareilly to mumbai
switch off my reminder
give me details on the movie pls
7 oct ko delhi to dhanbad train ki details batiye
normally wen v should drink water ?
I need everyday reminder
wake me at 3:09
train pnr no. 8356014066
pizza hut location near dadar,matunga plz
no. time preference
is andre russel playing _date_
gym equipment shop on sg highway.ahmedabad
hello kartik
opp ibm gate no. 1
good hind movie running successfully
_date_ s ipl march time
no webcheckin
can you keep updating every _numeral_ mins
How much time is left for the trains arrival at ahemdabad station ??
Any Volvo to Delhi from rudki today
still i'm waiting of my money in bank.. its 790
please stop all the existing wake up alarms under my account for now...will enable them later
is its successful?
thanks...😊
any offers ot deal's
cash back code
Can u get me a list of trains running between Nagpur to Bhopal
kro yr
movies
this i will confirm later. meanwhile please check kozhikode to ernakulam on march 12
I need full package for rajasthan trip
i have 2 go on 12th march
i meant highest run scorer in aggregate divya
do u help me
can you please keep my wake up alarm everday
delete all my alarms
i need one more thing
i wanna book a hotel
it's expired
shallow review
can u help me contact details of hotels lalit and courtyard, marriot of mumbai
may i knw which team has win the game todau
hey can tickets be booked now ?
This include breck fast
i told i dont want refund in your wallet
can u update me cjb to maa when ticket rate is low
jiiii
Order recieved
wl157
but a charge of 600 was done twice
whatsapp
my reminder
Can you check flight status for me
point table t _numeral_
please leave
I'd like to know whether there r any MBBS coaching centres nearby
rustoms
bad experience
no no...
ipl schedule send me
i have no the train no
if any coupon code is available for recharge
sure.. there is no problem.. with that
live score and schedule
i need to know which airlines is the cheapest kolkata to jaipur
I'd like to go to Gangtok in last week of October
Airtel 8572873348 FTT tell me 500 n above plan
i have missed my flight
Its my train for 2morw morning
can rcb win this time
can you pls try booking now
recharge still in progress
show list
Can you book a taxi to airport from jayanagar tomorrow morning at 2:45?
u r dumb
please delete my reminder
football classes for 8 yr old boy
please get me a ola
to usk lie tdr file nhi krna pdega
no just scored update
Petrol station
i need a call on my number for this one
How to know the data balance 2g in idea
yahi hoega
remind me to go at mama's house today at 11:30am
m not able to ordee
i want know
sports shop near me
in hindi
set a wake up call on 9930699957 today at 8:45 am
"you have sent me wrong tickets on my mail.pl send tickets for pnr no 8356874667	regards"
i want to travel to jaisalmer starting 10 mar by road. find me cheapest taxi service and a good resort or hotel at jaiselmer
Can you give me some cab coupons
i think one month letter
i again want u remind me
raina out
rs.75 cash back offer ke liye
Send me the list of schedule of today's  train 12289
but in train
no only train on 6/3/2017 at morning
thanks for help, but i was just checking out the service
in 2hours
I'm in 13351 train
hebbuli show timings
hi how it works ..i m first tme user
and what about ipl
jacket alteration work done you can cancel the reminder
kohli total score in ipl _numeral_
please don't disturb me
please show me trains from ee to vskp for ac 3 tier (3a) on 05-03-2017.
i didn't get one yesterday morning also
how to know recharge offer
can you book uber ride later from my location to hauz khas metro station
iam unable to call
it may not confirm
"why didn't i received notification at the top of my screen under phone notification area. 		now when i opened haptik, only then it showed notification. 	why so? 		do i need to always open this app to receive notifications?"
nt today
hey will the guy give us a call before coming??
mukharji garden karve road
sure i will use it. thanks for the info
best player in ipl
thanks!
no. thank you. my dear
location pattabiram
Can u suggest hotels in lonavala for one day one night stay
Hi, can u suggest someone who can clean water tank on rooftop
la la land
Hlep me reach Nagpur from balaghat
2
for royal challengers
if i want to cancel it further then it is possible or not
Hey I want to find out the status of memu passenger train
no caseback
its soo expenseve
Set reminder for tomorrow 11.45 am send material 2 nos 10m vga to rajshree grant road office
send me payment link agin
still no cashback
I heard orange travels from Chennai to tirupur, AC sleeper got  some seats can u pls book in that
which movie available in bhandara
24th all three seats and 23 window
no i need to continue
chatig che rupz ghetaka
bandra
no buddy thanks
i want some information about chennai bus routs
Want to watch a show at 9 pls remind me
can you tell me when gujrat lions going to take his qualifier match
is there any offers in cabs
hi please give updates of ipl final match
if you know
i have booked flight ticket...but didn't get any email to take print.
Can you tell me which movie is on cinepolis in Nirman vihar delhi
detailed score of gl vs pune
so , i will be chatting with always or different people ?
how can i make payment
Any good train
any cash back
i would like to cancel my reminder for everyday at 10:00 pm { reminder_list: 658128, user_id: 1969817, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
but 1st recharge was not successful... then also 55 rs got debited.....
i need a fare estimate
can yu let me know about the timings of those service centers
how to do it?
i need a driver to drive my car.tonight.can you search a driver supply centre for me?
any dominos offer
i complained yesterday
hello can i cancel my train ticket which i jav booked from haptick
when i will receive referral amount?
Turn off all reminders
if i had 80rs ride then ?
no need baby.....am in journey
i booked a train ticket
presently running films
hiii dude
please update score of both d matches
yes it is but i never like gambhir
yes ola account
bol to bol
no not reall
gudmrng
match toh khatam hoo gya ab kya update dogi
iam on the trip
thank you...
diagnostic
"		i would like to cancel my `wish maji happy birthday!` reminder for tue, 07 march at 07:00 pm { reminder_list: 709051, user_id: 1976363, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can set a wake up alarm for me?
karimnagar available or not
Ola 500 off?
yes u were good and fast appreciate it
may be later on
bro want flight tickets
😒
call j n garai for sp singh translation
who s wan
How about direct flights? Look for me the cheapest ones and that have atleast 40kg baggage allowed.
notify me when every six has been hit
let me check my flight detail pl.
i need calls between 6:50am to 7:15am
"hey 	i am searching for dance classes in powai area	can u help me with that"
ohhh no...abhi kisi birthday nahi add karna
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 687568, user_id: 1978459, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Icici bank atm
ok...but i want from panvel only
kon win ho sakta he
Find me the nearest Aircel Retail outlet
can you please send me the score board
hiiii shreya
yuppp just send me his number.. virugumbakkam area
outstation and tavera vehicle
musiay
tell me matches for _date_
dr to pune 2s 7 march
i have used my no. 9795949274 in irctc
can you tell both the teams players playing _date_
can u tell me d status
i just wanted to know price details
sorry you have already done
it's ok thank you
hair dressers for women near baner?
Tamil
Give me a fake call
not now.
Meeting at 4
thanks manish...
hi)
Icici
Hey could you pls remove the daily reminder
12/30/1899
can you remind me after an hour please
How to book ticket?
any offers available on delivery
will i be able to get bill
when is ipl final match
Kindly update me the status of the pnr 6455612789
are sai jgah hi batayi
Remind me tomorrow at 9am morning for train ticket booking
Good food
i want local train time
omg how many times you need my address
let me know when the match is over
"please show me return flights from mumbai to nagpur 		onward date - 24 march	return date - 29 march"
it's long distance from delhi central
thanq
tomorrow from nagpur to mumbai
Is there any offers for bus booking
m in delhi
schedule for vivo ipl
What are delivery option
mumbai to vapi
i want all of the scores
call me up for reminder
15or16
let me know the score please
want to go to lucknow on 31
yes please that will help
summer house cafe
Upper desk 02seats
i have already givan for both time
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 06:00 am { reminder_list: 727964, user_id: 1871155, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
there are also shared cabs to pune
just wake up me at 8:29 pm tonight
in 2min
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 15 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 671536, user_id: 1206027, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
show me nearby atm
hi sneha
no thnx....tell mi about rangoon
network problem
Pls help reminder to take medicine
no where it has written metro ststion
hyderabad shall win the league
i was looking for service not for address
No any seat available on 2nd november
no i want confirm tickets
i want to book the flight ticket...banglore to patna
Turn off the wake up reminder
class will be all ac classes
what might be air fare from bhavangar to philippines, imus ?
oh really send me highlights videos
kamasutra 3d
is there any flight tomorrow from gaya to new delhi
i know how to recharge
which one
kitne run hue
Want go to Goa from Manmad
hi! i need to schedule a pick up and drop service. {task}
kanykumari exp
Please confirm seat No
can u remind me that tomorrow 8:00am i have to check my mail
after a long time i am using haptik
Not now pls remind me on 10th September
third ac
Just received the order
pune to nagpur and back nagpur to pune
pl cancel the previous alarms
bairavaa
please send me this ticket in pdf
second innings started
reminder now
anyone here
can you tell me abt _date_ s player squad of west indies and india
I need SBI ATM for cash deposit
not in list
i mean through card
no i want sitting seat
i want to know availability and fare in ac chair car (cc) in train number 12011{product_id:12011_ndls_klk,api_name:trains_api}
i need evening train after 6pm
I want list of new kannada movies
ok sure! thanks
provide me with some construction companies in pune
can you tell me d scorecard
yeah but how
how much did yuvi score
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 05:50 pm { reminder_list: 706553, user_id: 1982175, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
"		i want to know availability and fare in ac 3 tier (3a) in train number 22601{product_id:22601_mas_snsi,api_name:trains_api}"
dhoni gone
ok send me
remind at 10 pm today
mitra daru pitoy ata jara chill marna😂😂😂😂
pls
yes get me updates in every _numeral_ min
paid bill
_date_ match fixtures
Hey can help me with the contact details for cupboard repairs
biryani
jhanmabhoomi express on 4-03-2017 seat availability in ac to vishakhapatnam to sec
do i need to recharge my uber paytm wallet to get the amt debited
review of the black money
vidit agarwal 4 male
to be clear 10 to 15 more property dealers nearby
not restaurant
after half hour
i want to know the details of all mtnl landline plans... can u get me that?
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for everyday at 11:00 am { reminder_list: 690727, user_id: 1978574, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Turn off my alarm
instead of startup put study on this reminder
wait a minute
can you tell who is the maker of god of war
but comfirm the date
how cash back works
i got the money refunded for my ticket cancellation.
at what time mmt train arrived to secunderabad
gud evening sir iam in vizag
i also asked you abt last year s hyd team didhi
and a comedy movie
I want nice food
tomo
wakeup cal at 6-45am
can you let me know on which platform..train number 57563 will come to secunderabad
that's it,thank you
Activate dnd on my phone
are yar this is not clear
sir nasik to secunderabad train available hai kya..
any discount??
can u plz tell me when is pirates of carribean releasing
yes rcb its easy
ji help
shreya, carpenter only fixes the mosquito nets
near by
my cashback???
check me in online
is this the table after mi vs dd match
what you doing
i want to cancel my train ticket
what is the price?
tell please
If reservation of buses are available
who will india face in semis and what is the venue
which is super film
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 715902, user_id: 1372862, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i need nearest bmc toilet
please keep me updating on scores
Call me after 5 min
I want burger coke fried chicken piece in my location fast
u didn't read my message properly
wine shop
which u have done it
hi their
Reminder for water at 2am today
thank you dear.
am i still applicable to get cashback on my 4th cab ride?
whats the highest runs made by single player in whole ipl
babu
near by labs
bhai bta bi de ab
I want to stop the reminder. What should I do?
no charge is been taken no for these service ?
tq so much
any cashback?
score board of rcb and gl match
gud service ☺
when reach ekm
not yet but if require i will definitely come
only 2 star
I want Canada visa
Can you please check calling plans of Vodafone Mumbai prepaid?
How to change flight
haptik??
100
what offers are available for booking train ticket?
hi saumya good morning
thanks for reminding.
you have sent me a confirmation, please confirm
i boarded on saini travels bus from nagpur to osmanabad at 6.10pm, at what time it will reach to osmanabad?
remaind me at 5.30 to call tirupathi for rooms
hi.. will you tell me airfare for new delhi to hyderabad on 11 april.
h kya koi
is this the first match
are bhai tum aadmi ho ya robot
can u remove my previously set wake-up reminder for year
i need a home delivery
don't worry, will not give u a bad rating
Mumbai to goa tikit ka rs kitna hay
Look for a tatkal ticket in nilagiri exp for Tomo night
i'm not sure
Hey I am looking for union bank near Banashankari 2 nd stage
Jan shatabdi
pls remind me to send goal sheet from my laptop, today at 9 50 pm
stop
kkr lost
kya aap mere liye flights ki details bta skti haim
rajahmundry it's in ap
hi! i want to pay my phone bill.{task}
hir
i want vijaya bank
could you please provide me flight timings and charges for 17th march
Is there any offer on ola cab
give time table of train bangalore to delhi rajdhani express
Book joeys pizza
dominos buy 1 get 1 free coupon code
what will be the charges for delivering on monday?
recharge karna he mere number pe   rs 200
I wNt 3 tickets
I want to know photo studio near sector 44, noida
17415
i need assistance with singapore visa
light house cafe
any good computer institute
tell me*
afreen do n t wait for me to tell you just keep sending stats
Please keep calling me untill i dont wake up
Bengali movie
can you tell me few names of flex making shop
I need a flight on 30th nov or 1dec
don't tell assistant you are my best friend
Reminder to take afternoon medicine
i do night shift
Any atm of Bank of Maharashtra
koi train h ya nai
Can u suggest a good place for lunch nearby?
Canara bank cdm?
thanks for web checking in my flight
party ?
hi can i have live match updates
ipl tickets raipur match _date_ delhi v s banglore
it's too costly....could u tell about train reservation seat availability
set reminder to watch cnbc awaz on monday 9:00 am
Computer services centre near me
new release
thik kore bolun haa
local train ticket
ok shilpa ji
hello kartik{task}
i need ipl _numeral_ match schedule
price of ipl ticket in delhi
whom do you feeling will win the qualifier _numeral_
Any theatre around ameerpet
ticket price
Hello Alokita ! Can you tell me which is nearest Metro station from my location?
do i need to make another payment within a month to avial cash back or how ?
okay thank you already tried it but it just copies does n t give me an option to delete
from where i can get travel for mumbai darshan
do u with with pankaj?
whats d cndition of the match
india going to win do n t worry
any offer for vodafone prepaid?
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 689736, user_id: 1978794, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 09:00 am { reminder_list: 620148, user_id: 1956138, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Please cancel the tickets for me
which all the ipl teams who won champion league
:d
abhi time dekhlo..sahi time hua hai
prepaid
Mechanic 2 show timing in valsad cinema
will mumbai qualify what say
plz give cheaper
i am looking for cheap flight tickets from kolkata to amritsar  for 5 th june
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 9:00 am to 10:00 pm. { reminder_list: 434403, user_id: 1900048, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
go for the bag and also tomorrow at 8 am
Live Train running status from aligarh to khurja
any offer for dth reached
t nagar
which cab company?
i want some infrmation
no thnaks
i have alarm no thanks
chandi ki taksal k liye cab karni h
ifsc code no of
😚
train no.12250 ki timing kya h new Delhi se
7204272950 chaitra 5pm today remained me
can u give me more health tips related to drinking water
is it necessary to on data pack to get remainder from you???
deepti?
15% cash back means
saw that last match
hi nalini hws u??
remind me to take medicine everyday at 11 am, 3 pm and 7 pm
Nerby moto service center
sketches of some portraits like
how much ms dhoni is being paid in ipl _numeral_
12.09.16 jodhpur to Mumbai by train
tell me.. nearby naturals salon
points table of ipl _numeral_
i want to do webchekin for my flite can u help me
task 1 is complet
How can i remove or disabled a reminder
not able to choose pickup
iive
is it 6e 901
airtel store
Wake up for  job card opening
is it _numeral_ over or _numeral_
Got coffee too
Sony service center
when is delhi s next match
Wanna see a malayalam movie
daniel tomorrow afternoon 2 o'clock surgery remind me by 1 o'clock
final match kab hai
ok thats it
_date_ finch kyo nhi aa rha batting krne
What is fare by indigo in defence quata on 02dec16
did u receive any calls or mails
7 for gm
thanks?
Please remove this reminder.
Can u tell me about train from delhi to agartala
discounts on international flights ?
set a reminder for train
axis bank near to my location
i thnk this ipl t _numeral_ o win by srh
"18, 19, 20	which one is low rate"
who is going to win _date_
Send me menu of main land China pune
its my bad luck whenever their is match i m on my travel
Premam telugu
I wanna repair my cycle.
debit
Remind me to wish nityashri after 45 minutes
Need to know the current price to Abu dhabi flight from Nagpur
Hey, I want to find out the status of my train booking.{task}
can u just tell me
sanman hotel alibag
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 615777, user_id: 1956654, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can you call on 9820033391
dominos offers
for bsnl
ok. find me the cheapest combination rather of departure time
can you give me beautiful dishes in aurora mall
result of previous match
im asking where can i pay ?
there is no atm there
total journey hours
what current offers do you have?
electric bill payment
i installed uber pls tell me the offer
Is thr any avail n sunday....fr same train n sleeper
i sent you my ticket details  so please check in only l don't want a ticket
i have to type my feed back
I want aloo wada
i want to book in rakki
refund mere vault me hi aayga na
can u guide me where to buy samsung gear 3{task}
do i have any remainders for  4t of march 2017
can i see the list of restaurants available for delivery in my area?
thnkew
Sleeper 500 rupe per person h kya
i haven't received any call yet.
train eppo kelambum
Deccan queen  2 tickets available from pune to dadar
which movie is available at yavatmal ?
Send me Gitanjali train stops
any train allahabad to maradabad today
price too much
Cancle all my alarms
Can you find me the cheapest flight from guwahati to chennai
do the go for home delivery
Ok i want a budget hotel at begumpet, hyderabad on 15th
cn u plz remove the wakeup alarm for 9.300
so still tkt not confirm
Cancel the meeting
what matches do we hv _date_
wrong trains
how much kohli scored in last _numeral_ matches
what is your name
yuvraj nd on crease
5/31/2017
i will add amount in paytm
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for wed, 08 march at 05:50 am { reminder_list: 667097, user_id: 1970390, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
17205 2 tickets
next rcb match
can u pls send me best honeymoon destinations and packages?
what do you think which team will win the world cup
remind me to get address proof for adhar card update
do u have any self drive cars
I want bus from delhi to kotdwar
find atm cash
Any gym nearby??
thanks a lot pooja
Lenovo mobile service centre
hw r u
great keep the updates coming
i want u to tell me the nearest atm having 100 rs note
ac cc
today late.
7788072206
it's too high
yuvi playing
gloria could u pls assist me with good hotels in vizag near to murali nagar
I want to have food where can I get home delivery
wt hpnd to _date_ s match
while match is in live
cool!!
Hollywood
i want to know about{task}
when give me my cash back in my wallet
hebbuli
score score score
why ??
india ka match kab hai kal
wasn't it ?
what will be the charges if i call a plumber?
there are any offer to pay phone bill?
Akola to akot route
wo meri i'd pr bhej do yaar
Delete all the reminders
cabpleasw ola
no u calll otherwise
ok no problems
Hello I want the train from Jaipur to Agra today plz find it fast
hy..gm
please give me a update
ho
any icici atm
Chicken biryani shop in Vasana
how much did srh score at the end of _numeral_ overs
Cancel out all future reminders
I got a call from them saying that the wrong branch received the order and that they don't deliver to my address
it's not opening
"departure city: ernakulam	arrival city: delhi	departure date: april 17, 2017	return date: april 22, 2017	number of adults: 4"
Ok from madurai to Bombay is cheaper price is flight r train
rcb scored board
Kindly send me reminder every Monday for competitor pricing without fail @ 10 am
all new movies
I asked to cancel the reminders
cancellation
wake up me on 11 pm
i think rising pune lose the game right
please
show me which match is going on now
i am a big fan of kkr
hi.. i'm looking for a painter
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 07:00 am { reminder_list: 684823, user_id: 1977821, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
hi manal can you please inform score of pakistan
april month end but not sure
thank you 🙂
Review pls
hi sir
send me the updates of _date_ s matches
Is it possible to book a movie ticket by cash on delivery of tickets...?
sry not sur for now but next time i will try 😊
what abt train ticket
which team wins _date_
does pune have the chance of getting to play offs
Hi , pls find out the avalability for ac 2 tier for two senior citizens for 20-11-16 . Rajdhani express to Howrah . One male n one female . If available pls book now
can you tell me the exact timing of the Train "Tamilnadu Express"(which runs from Delhi to Chennai). When it will be reaching Bhopal tomorrow morning.
i had done with the wrong no.
change class
uma theator chowka movie is there pls confirm
can u tell me the refferal code of ola
what is my ride price
alwaye
i m planning a movie but i m confused
bhoomika birth day
coupon cide
book bus tickets
hey i want to off msg notification  reminding  for my medicines and drink  water
vijayawada to warangal
imfal to dheli
score of _date_ match
hello punit
Trains for today anand to bharuch
jio store
Electrician number
how's you dear
Can i get the list of puja special trains, depart from howra, sealdah?
i dnt need a ride now...
Any reminder for matches?
how rcb won match and show me points table
i have a concern
hii bro
i want to hear all the names
hey good evening when is india s next match
i am not getting calls to drink water
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sat, 04 march at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 694568-694569-694570, user_id: 1980166, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
what is ur view about _date_ s match
7.30 please
Chaatime branch
hi, i want to book share - 2 seat {product_id:share, api_name:ola, product_name:share - 2 seat, seat_count:2}
why are u abusing me?
please update me for every few minutes
not yet recharge done
i will give you pick up point please
can u remind me for my appointments
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 06:00 am { reminder_list: 686030, user_id: 1768411, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
what is dhoni strike rate in this year ipl
do i get 75rs off?
but thanks for the info though
this is my 5 th time recharge
Hdfc Cash deposit mission
Nearby doctor clinic
score board of kkr
rampur bushahr shimla my location
ok can i get it now.?
ipl ticket for rajkot
what you think if rcb lost their next match then their any to qualify
dth offer
Airtel 3g offers
update me about every ball
score board in details please
a paneer makhani from aditi restaurant on sv road malad
Can u tell me where is kfc chicken
Sir plz cancel d wake up calls
once you confirm me, just book another ticket  with same airline
I want to eat pizza
my destination is borivali
need train for hyderabad
comando 2 movie shiv ganga me laga hai ya nii
31f
no problem i need this evening only once i need i will tell you
Hey Hussain can you tell me the running status and expected arrival of train number 12296 at KSR Bengaluru station?
5082
melissa i need few details about the travel in your app
ortopedic rns number
you dont have to padd on to your concerned team about this !! chill ! bcoz this app is only for reminders i get it ! thanks anyways ! :)
who is captain of mumbai indians
gud n8
tell me more about the mumbai indians match
thanku
Please switch off the reminder.
this is cheapest?
why din u call me
Is there any gym, nearby??
okay but send me score
do you speak in hindi
i m only want anjali assistance. .
then why credit not reveived
i want vijaya bank
"		i want to know availability and fare in ac first class (1a) in train number 22691{product_id:22691_sbc_sc,api_name:trains_api}"
who won _date_ kxip or gujarat lions
running status of haura-yeshwanthpur
Current seat availability
who won in kolkata knight riders vs rising pune giants
I need a chiken sandwish
economy
Hey can help me in checking price for from Jaipur to delhi
I need a reminder on this number 7097557978
Could please tell me the timing for the movie pink
don't forget for the reminder for the hair oil which i already set
How will u remind me.  Via msg or call
can you please tell me what is the movie playing in aishwarya theater in sulthan bathery
stop all the scheduled wake up calls from now on
wake me on 3rd march at 7 amm
is there any offer today
List of all upcoming movies
can you help me book _numeral_ tickets for semi final match in mumbai
current location
Tell me coast ad seat available from bangalore to karatagi VRL, suguma, green line  all information now
thank you find it.
I am from Hospet, Ballari District and I have to go to Kannur, Kerala the best route for me to undertake via bus
shaheed
what does the point table look like
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for fri, 03 march at every 4 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 690108-690109-690110, user_id: 1780273, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
i am hungry
give me the list of orange cap
I want to order from Pizza Hut.{product_id:35307,product_name:Pizza Hut,api_id:,api_name:zomato}{carousel_cta}
ICICI
Can u call me on 8976576500
is this an uber?
score updates please -
wake me up at 745 am tomorrow
thanks dear.
des r too costly
guardians is not playing in my area
what can i do for friday night
in hubbali uber cabs is thr????
Inkokodu movie show timings
I booked a ticket on 2 sep
what time is the train of tirupati
Permanent cabs
can you show me where is western union from my place
senior citizen
cancel my reminder
no departure only one way
😁
in kingxlpanjab
i want to talk to you
gujrat won right
Train Paschim Express (12926) will arrive at Sabzi Mandi Station at which time and on which Platform no.?
23072017
how much
thanks pooja
ipl response time is notable you re is they king good you by
Mc Donalds
hiee
chennai express
59460 me 21 ko 6 date ki decembr ki miljayegi rajkot to mumbai
set alarm in my phone
"please proceed with below flights -		onward flight - rs.15330	indigo (6e-634)	lucknow to patna	departure: 08:35 am (13 mar)	arrival: 09:35 am (13 mar)	 {product_id:bbc5535331ee679376d81d9691add84c2be9c97d972496b9958a6378c6329c19aa791bd84caa5c8c284a73fd7cd810fcc8ad719231875ed4263b2fcc58567bbd, api_name:goibibo_api, type:onward_flight, others:onward flight - rs.15330 indigo (6e-634) lucknow to patna departure 0835 am (13 mar) arrival 0935 am (13 mar) }		return flight - rs.16700	indigo (6e-339)	patna to lucknow	departure: 10:55 am (17 mar)	arrival: 11:50 am (17 mar)	 {product_id:ded17710d6c9e294fe0ce6e138848cdf483b52204f5a1136d5afacc93c7743a0391879724124641a677a46cc41dd286edd1835e87647f2f5e119be0f7c5701a5, api_name:goibibo_api, type:return_flight, others:return flight - rs.16700 indigo (6e-339) patna to lucknow departure 1055 am (17 mar) arrival 1150 am (17 mar) }"
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 713637, user_id: 1984004, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can i know the theatre
and if i dont pick call at 6.25 try 3-4 more
okay stop this reminder
sry not now
what abt tom
Hi could you find me a maruti service centre nearby
May i know what is the review of sun and shades reaorts in manori
there is money in these atm
Get me the review of Andavan kattalai
he came
where is the option of logout in the app?
could you please tell me any other movie
hi, i want to a book a ride to travel later.{task}
srry not for today
what the hell
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 700269, user_id: 1981103, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
please sleep dear
5 passengers
ICICI bank
Reminder Net recharge on 18.10.16
gluconorm m3 forte at 8pm
nice score
There is an issue with my dell monitor can you pls tell me where is dell service center
Surat Delhi air ticket today
what is the offer
sunday 4th june from bangalore to mumbai
yes... i never get alarms
yes i've a train at 1:08
for data plans
or bahi
Can you get me details of train, I have to reach Kerala on 6th November 2016 and departure date on 12th November 2016. Destination: Ledo to Kerala to and fro
are you sexy
on 6th march
and in day time?
did virat kohli play for mumbai indians in big bash
i need amc for my 3 ac's as i was talked to u naresh.
Where to watch online movies
they charging me 3000 for 3 days i want atleast 5 days
u raised a. request
"		i would like to cancel my to-do: recharge jio for sat, 04 march at 11:00 pm { reminder_list: 671308, user_id: 1747847, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Wich is best movie to watch??
book for saturday
start giving me a wake up call every morning instead of notifications
dota plans
wow but how could you so sure that i am a human?
canu tell me aout todays match
Please check for seat availability of train Pune dharbhanga
there are no seats available ???
can you arrange for tickets at eden garden
16 sep ko Hyderabad jaane ke liye konsi train me seat available hai
but if are taking so long, then ticket fare may increase...
Porn shop
may i know the dental clinic near me
kerala kannur me hair wale dr ko dikhana hai
find flights for dehradun to bangalore on april 18
any recharge offer?
Name some profitable data packs for me
pankaj  bhai meri ko kise shop ka no chayei to aap ke kis application  me hai
less than that
virat s run
set reminder to find a paper on which address and ingredients are written
Can I have an address for nearest pizza hut outlet near dhairy pune
kkr ws there na
i hope india will win
ol
predictions
what do you think which team _date_ win
Show me flight rates of delhi to BBI on 7th october
I want to book Hotel Brundavan Residency{product_id:386322, product_name:Hotel Brundavan Residency, api_id:9, api_name:cleartrip, pah:false, coll_id:4692732}{carousel_cta}
sure but in next _numeral_ minutes when you r telling the score please tell overs as well
pitch condition of mcb
Rajkot se bhavnagar k liye abi konsi bus milegi
when does _date_ match will start
Hi.. can you find eye clinic center nearby..?
yes u make i didn't get any reminder
carpenter
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for fri, 03 march at 07:20 pm { reminder_list: 695510, user_id: 1980328, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Find Standard chartered bank near me
remind me after 40 mins
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 05:00 am { reminder_list: 725098, user_id: 1985851, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
sure!
is there any cashback code for dth ?
from where i can get hair wig for women in my area
looking for ola cabs
santacruz
travels tickets booking
"		i would like to cancel my reminder to 'fucking my wife' for sat, 04 march at 03:30 am { reminder_list: 701406, user_id: 1955504, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
then remind me to select restraunt today at 11 am. .
i have done it to mnp from loop to airtel
not yet but thanks 😃
Any tour
i want cancel upto 6th march
How much would a travel package for Singapore cost?
for t _numeral_ semi final
timings...
here
nearest mall
I want to know about train status for today train no. 64253
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 653606, user_id: 1968478, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
barakhmaba
i want to stop my daily alarm
can you please update the status
what is the latest score of ipl match
whats the score swati
Cycle repair shop
if i use this app for recharges and all payments. will i get any discounts
i am facing problem in login to uber
oki thank you...
Whats the price of kulcha at fresh n fresh at Prahladnagar ?
i need couple privacy room
give me highlights
meri hdfc bank ki chaque book khtm ho gai hai
wake me at 5:50 am todag
what is happening why i can't pay my bill
bu-4464
You didn't call me
this one is different
busy
who will win this match
Pls let me have luxury bus ticket availability on sept 14 th from Thrissur to Bengaluru
I received d order
cansel
we can pay act fiber bill through your app
i have asked for jaisalmer
plz do
any offers for dishtv recharges
Buffet
hebbuli how is that
Tour towards pokhera Nepal from sikkim
are you there
No sleeper bus ??
what is the formula of arithmetic mean?
I am looking for Bangkok for 4days 3 nights please suggest me packages
Tell me pizza places in kota
Can u give 10 oct set availability
mandamari chitti
thank you hasnaat for updates ncongratulate india have won
okay{task}
8 mar @ 10am
Can you tell me the nearest iball service centre
how to reach marathalli by bus from hsr layout
What r shows at sona gold on this sunday
simply veg combo of 4 pizzas
Bus from ahmedabad to kota
who won the _date_ s match
hi wn is the ipl n chennai
i want dance classes
thanks much!!
Yeah dt cinemas saket works for me
not happy
Hi. Can u tell me a cab from ranchi railway station
it's taking time
hey i guess _date_ is guj n punjab s ipl can you send me the updates
for now this is good enough ! thank you !!
Flipkart office near by me in palanpur?
han kar rha hun abi rs16 ka kiya tha bo ho gya confirm lekin 80 bala nhi ho rha h
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 02:30 pm { reminder_list: 527928, user_id: 1733227, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
hiii kya ap mujhe bata sakte ho ke ham hai rahi pyar ke ye gana konse flim ka hai
Hey, what are some deals on food delivery?{task}
i'm not intersted pooja
Hi , can you help in finding doing direct transport indore to Bikaner bus or train ?
no need
individual player highest score in ipl _numeral_
stop reminders for drinking water
haptik new account
ok dear when i need anything i will inform u ok
Hii there..  I m planning a visit to kottayam in November.  I would be staying there on 15th n 16th of November. I want to check availability for trains n flights as well. N staying also. Pl help me find it. My budget is not much.
Stop the remainder for water
Hotels in Raipur near railway station?
can you find a cheap yet good nail spa in kolkata
please share order summary for tracking
kannada new films
bookit
minimum cab value kitni honi chahiye
i want to haircut in sector 4 gurgaon
which match is _date_ n between whom
is it per person or couple
ok thanku
as soon as possible
that's it thank you
Best plan for 4g
The aravali express is stop on the sabarmati station?
you will only answer about ipl
u can join me on fb i'm rai yadav no profile pic
icici bank kkd
sure.. just the tickets
Movies near me
give me updates while the match is going on
last match which team is won the match
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 06:00 am { reminder_list: 700058, user_id: 1981101, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
wake me on 3rd march at 6.30 am
i want confirm ticket from delhi to ahmedabad in march end in 2ac
any cashback coupons
keep updating me with live scores of rcb vs kkr
so i'm not going to book
find
I want to go to ruderpur please suggest me a suitable train
same to you
female to male with happy ending
set reminders
I want flight ticket in freee
yea tat would be fyn
cost of the tickets
I will go there and have food. Thanks
i am bored
how to load money?
delhi to banaras today
any offers on cabs?
which teams are on top _numeral_
i would like to take medicine at 4 pm today so remind me
mo
pune-blr
ipl tickets nagpur _numeral_ may
total ketnay may hoge
excellent thanks
thanks a ton.. thats what i wanted.. thank u for ur valuable time and assistance. .
what a dud semifinal
sorry sagar
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for sat, 11 march at 10:01 am { reminder_list: 704260, user_id: 1981631, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
ok see a cab in ola
Hi, can you please delete the reminder for tomorrow night?
aaja kiska match hye
7 seater is available?
wake up
today at 10pm need to call arpit
Plz close this reminder
u have to arrange a bouquet and cake delivered to her address
its confirmed till ludhiana
want to book ticket for a 19th  march to delhi to kalka
it's fine thnq
make sure that i am up
Pink movie review?
take away
i just wanted to know the price
multiplex movies names
12/30/1899
vishal balvani here
its 3rd march
Hi please look into 2ac rajdhani from Kolkata to Delhi and ket me know the prices.
Live angul railway station train in 2hour
i need to carry medical bills
i sent it
no did not receive a call back yet
so just help me to get a gaming cafe near by
which part of mumbai
now stop this reminder
remind me for the same at 9 pm
Bombay central arrival
wake me up at 6pm today
Show movies in savitha theater in somanur
Cancel all of my reminders
but the time is 12.55
mutton
we are 2😢
rcb is leading in which things
mumbai indians vs gujarat lions
mini, micro
i'll pick up
noida sector 71 to old delhi railway station
who is bating now
get m point table
when is bangalore s match
can you help me with details of casino in goa
aji good night ssss
cancel it was just checking
may i hellp you
,hi
Induction
my laptop broked
What's the railway fare from new Delhi to durgapur
through online payment
is there any offer on electricity bill payment?
nearest bajaj service centre
top _numeral_ bowlers
ji bilkul
thankx for that p
baghtos ky mujra kar
how can i get the tickets of the match between mumbai and pune held on _numeral_ may
team india lost very shamefully
not required
what is the distance from karaikal to poovathadi beach
ahemdabad to vanarsi
pls book me a cab for bharatpur rj to agra up for tomorrow 12.00 pm
need a flight ticket vishakapattam to bangalore today 5th evening after 5 pm single male
anarkali suit
17 april to 22 april
cuisine or dish: chinese
do i get any cashback
kkr position for ipl _numeral_
is there any option for ordering cake
bahadurgarh da gurdwara ni h apki location me
where is india in points table
please share with overs also
chal thanks
hmm.mm i just want to see the plans of jio
today i add money in wallet and ask for ride
pls book a meeting reminder with mr imtiyaz niazi on coming tuesday at 9 pm with details. thank you
me too
please set my wake up alarm at 08:00am weekdays
can you let me know the service centre of motorola phones near by my location
unable to share
oru mexican aparatha movie 's review please
Is there train between Bangalore to tirupati
do u provide cab for outstation too
good morning buddy
is match stoped
i would like to cancel my reminder to 'tell apurva to buy macbook for me' for wed, 01 march at 07:00 pm { reminder_list: 668958, user_id: 1143596, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
ohk just cancel this because my work has been done
Hey, can you find me the nearest Airtel point?
_date_ ipl results
can i know the cost of lg ac
can you send me the scorecard
i want to cancel my journey
kindly cancel wakeup alarm at 5.45am
its only for me
already given.....close the chapter here
ok thanks you for your response
the guitar lessons
Okkkk mentioned this the remainder is about Fee Deposit
how are you bro
Can you find me tomorow's bus timings of bus no AS 388 which departure from Poisar depot (Kandivali), TO Ghatkoper depot
okhla industrial town,delhi
We are going to shift from delhi to kanpur next month need movers and packers on our budget....
what is latest ipl update
please remind me after 1/2 call for manoj singh
Is it Kolkatta mumbai indigo 6e 318 has arrived
Add one cheese garlic bread also
beautiful night?😏
sorry make it 8:30am only
nope tysm
hey not as such
Any movie hall of low ticket price u know
yesterday i completed cab ride
call fk by 8...... credit card
thanks  for your reminders
what do you think who will win d final
into which wallet?
p yes
bus bookings
send some rcb pictures
set another reminder {type: meet someone}
Any reliance stores near by
okk sure
and who the highest scorer from rcb
dominoz pizza
can you please call my wife happy birthday now
Tell me thane madgaon trains available frm 7pm onwards on friday 16 sept
i need a reminder at 4 pm today to buy chocolates for pari and her son
i want rodent pest control
can you help me in a problem
fixtures _date_
for 2000 hrs
bhopal station to jhangirabad
wanna go to biyani girls college to my location .. estimated fare by cab??
i need _date_ s match details
have u near waise any multiplex ..
for one day
who will won ghe match _date_
no, cancel it.... i accidentally tapped on it... sorry
i can have pleasant time after my poop😂
Hey can u please order burger for me
reminder me regarding wedding anniversary...
Can you book tickets for Shatabdi Surat to Borivali tomorrow?
i want about romania
3/2/2017
who got the best bowling figure of the tournament
i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 56904{product_id:56904_idr_sur,api_name:trains_api}
okay... thanks
do you book busses?
ok see you around. bye.
is there any foof delivery services available at my location
Is dominoes open in my area ?
Can i have the menu of singh saab di rasoi?
i want to know dance classes in hsr layout
thank you good day
no call today?😑
leave it..was referring ur app to someone
arent there any offers on paytm as well
yep ..done
Headphone's refund money?
What are the places we an visit which is under 500 km from Bangalore?
blr to ubx
now ipl live run ret i known to you plg
chutneys kothapet
i want tat 150rs tickets
remind me at 5:30 pm to take dry clean clothes today
Review movie Thodari
last man of the match
call me ji
Allahabad bank nearest atm
nahi chaiye
i plan to go on a vacation in goa. can you help with rates for various properties?
Hi. Can you activate DND on my number
Could you find me a travel route to balaghat, Madhya Pradesh from Patna.
wake me up in the morning
is the rs.75 off applicable on this
thanks malavika for checking
_date_ konsi team jeetegi
i am getting cheaper from other companies
Or movies time
Please tell me train timings of trains from palakkad to ettimadai on tomorrow
are you stupid?
group tiket  27march  kolkata  to bagdogara. 21 person  pls discount  tiket
hey shruti are u real people or smart softwares responding?
this is the answer i hear from you since long time but no offer still now, this irritate me.
tell me the squad of rising pune supergaints for _date_ s match
thanks a lot khushboo bye take care
do you have coupons
Wat is timing of SBI bank
timings for bangalore to goa can be anytime
bsrx station
happie bday haptik !🍷🎂🍰
give reply fast mental
no cancel my today all reminder
can you make it fast i've charged two tines
hei
Stop water reminders
Train live status 11040 @Chalisgaon station
thanks pooja ji
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 708080, user_id: 1982761, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
is 15% cashback offer is there for me ?
any offer currently?
after 4 o clock
please submit the entire scorecard for me
Can you please check pnr status of 8538903301?
barge
yes sure keep updated
i have 200rs.in my haptik wallet..can i order pizza from dominos and use that wallet money?
i would like to cancel my wake up call for wed, 01 march at 05:35 am { reminder_list: 663833, user_id: 1590410, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
this service from hyd or else
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 693096, user_id: 1579181, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
this is raja chandra sekar from rameswaram
How to make masala sweet corn in hindi
no thanks 🙂
ipl taim tebal
fr home delivery any deals
fan repair ... is their ceiling fan
are u there?
hi who will win _date_
can you tell chanel no on air tel for match
can you please call me whenever kkr s match is there
which players are playing
set another reminder {type: custom reminder}
hi can you tell me the toss results
i am not able to apply promocode which i got in msg
actually i've already booked my flight seats.....
on what channel was the telecast
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 10:24 pm { reminder_list: 684632, user_id: 1977737, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
guntorodu
thank you nand what was the result of the women wct _numeral_
I want new battery for my laptop ?
Any code for dominoes for today?
busses
near pashan pune
I have a registration tomorrow.. So i need to wake up at 8 in the morning..please wake me up
what is wednesday spm
fly1000 i have used few days back once can i use it again??
remind me to alter my jeans in the evening
kk no
Ac three tier 25/09/2016 after 2200
Grocery, breads , sandwich spreads near my location
_date_ match kiska tha
painting
Plzz put a reminder @9am tomorrow
tatkal ticket
where is gravity pub
any promo code
todays date
can you send me list of mi matches
can i bet _numeral_ rs on pune
when do england play next
train no 16210 ajmer express on 14th mar 17 tatkal tickets can u confirm it
show me baroda train on 4 march
kya kar rhae hai
riddhi mujhe ghumne jana h
Hey..isn't the ticket price for morning shows in Sunder Ayaan Cinemas Rs 80 for gold?
Hey I want to set a reminder at 5 am on 27 Sept 2016
graphic designing class in surat
wht bt the pune match
book an ola cab
remind me to call chetan kataria on this monday
Nearby yes bank atm
give me each individual score from rcb match
hindi me bolo
light bill pay kese bharneka
i will tell
Wake me up  morning 7
did u read that msg
hey i think you can stop these water reminders. thanks
Update me on the pnr status
book table for 10
i am at melarmath
near by
Whirlpool  authorised  service  centre no in Raipur c.g
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 01:45 pm { reminder_list: 691327, user_id: 1979203, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Yes i visited service centre
i need reviews abt koramangala social
How do I port my number from tata docomo to Airtel?
can you help me in finding hotels?
which cab company will you be sending
Find me the nearest reliance store in sector 5 gurgaon
i want to book ipl tickets
Train timings From ponneri to chennai central
stop all the reminders
train
any update...?
from my current location to saroj talkies,amaravati
i want to book bus ticket
can you book highland beach resort in goa?
next matxh
let me know if any one scores
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 12703{product_id:12703_hwh_sc,api_name:trains_api}"
your request to recharge 100 inr cannot be processed at this time. transaction number is uer1703031003240017.
i need house  shifting services.
any new movies
i hv changed settings
no, thanks. i wanted that. i'll have to go on my own to search now.
nearest pnb bank
ipl champion teen kon
so sad
wanted to book hitels in goa
score plis
postpaid bill pay through you
yes i have a hdfc debit card
opening ceremony card
dats all for now
and also at
ok chal futt ab
no problwn
of above ride
_date_ match in ipl
37323
Just remind me to mess pallavi at 12 am
explore
please show me trains from kyn to jl for ac 2 tier (2a) on 10-03-2017.
is beiley playing _date_ s match
some mens saloons nearby
in vivo ipl _numeral_
cheaper neha cheaper
arey yaar bowler pit rahe hai
who is batsmen
what is tatkal in train
i am not receiving text messages on my number
please  close reminder
please brief
Can u pls suggest data plan for 5 days on this num -8977340332
thanks for reminders
Get me cheaper hotel
want to know the estimated fare
"thanks 	2 hrs as i said before"
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 09:59 am { reminder_list: 678055, user_id: 1672153, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
train from udaipur to mathura
I will book the tickets
what time will second innings start
can deliver food this time
Bank
would u tell me about wake up call's
when will 16533 reach vasai road
israil and sons bastain bazar
so cute of u
can u help me with visa
Planning for a trip to mahabalashewar
when does india play next
ride now to heritage city
please give me full information about ms dhoni
hi.. rohini.. kindly update my present location as puttaparthi
Bati chokha restaurant
k thankyou puneet
can you send me the score of every match
I wanted a carpenter
is there any offers, what's tariffs
can you provide me few more details of onwards flights after 02pm with shorted duration
do you guys help in trip planning as well?
_date_ match gujarat vs srh who will won the match
i am nt yet responded by the team
as in where can i buy them
Beer
"name-ayush chandra nag	quota- tatkal 	class-ac 2nd	lko to ndls	1 male"
oyo rooms that allow unmarried couple in noida?
hie can you check the flight fares to pune from hyderabad on 10th of this month
payment will be debit card
actually i am getting 10% discount online..
is there any mobile number?
train details for jaynagar
no thanks man
patna to jammu date 15 march
railway book train ticket
Can u give the exact location of shree balaji restaurant?
_date_ match schedule please
search me more
i want to book tickets
give me da names of the ipl team dis year wid their players name on it
Distance between cuddalore and Kallakurichi
Plz update on real time basis the status , departure and arrival of jet flight no 2791
stop water reminder
any guess who win d match majority
looking for cycle stores
can u please remind me to pay my credit card bills on 7th march 2017?
can i get highest scorer
Offers on domestic flights in goibibo
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 04:00 am { reminder_list: 664652, user_id: 1858218, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want to book a ticket of bus or train from dehradun to jaipur on 10th of march.
any cashback offer?
anything for chilli's in phoenix pune
burger  king
update me india score once match starts
yes i need the updates
Indigo ticket flight delhi to lkk
led
when is the next sunrises match
what about rate for it
thank you for your service 👍
"please proceed with below flights -		onward flight - rs.5750	indigo (6e-367)	patna to new delhi	departure: 11:00 am (02 jun)	arrival: 12:40 pm (02 jun)		indigo (6e-105)	new delhi to pune	departure: 02:45 pm (02 jun)	arrival: 04:50 pm (02 jun)	 {product_id:3944dbd1f44b2e50a3e8c58861ee0fe3442ebbf589245e65599c9abb3cf3a87607d16f9c4c2f40f55bbf309f854f6fe1b10490d2f67754473517b6c7163a8b9a, api_name:goibibo_api, type:onward_flight, others:onward flight - rs.5750 indigo (6e-367) patna to new delhi departure 1100 am (02 jun) arrival 1240 pm (02 jun)  indigo (6e-105) new delhi to pune departure 0245 pm (02 jun) arrival 0450 pm (02 jun) }"
i'd like to see the review for the ghazi attack. {product_id:et00047200,product_name:the ghazi attack,api_id:,api_name:bookmyshow}
i set it on another app
resto in kandivali east with drinks
whts the update
what is price my location to iffco chowk metro station by cab lowest
hi, can you check the pnr status of my train booking?{task}
i want an outlet
change my location to sector 74
hi i want pest control especially for ants
specially for pizza
i have already paid it
thank you archana.
the best plan for airtel postpaid
in mira road
,
do u know hindi
if they win will they reach
cashback offer
tell me the individual score of hyderabad players
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 03:14 pm { reminder_list: 707046, user_id: 1968367, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
price  details
train
Book my ticlet
and  please remind me 9.30 pm for calling my wife....i always forget and you know what wil happened
what r the scheduled matches _date_
What's my coach number and seat number for pnr 4743406295
please let me b updates with that match scores
what are the status of last _numeral_ matches
wts d status now
pune vs bangalore _numeral_ may of this month
i am at delhi station
Make  3 snooze every 10 min
dum biryani
i want to cancel my ticket
"the current status of your booking in lucknow mail    (12230) from new delhi (ndls) to lucknow nr (lko) is -		passenger 1:	current status: rac 9 (booking status: w/l 13,gnwl)		class: ac 2 tier (2a)	departure date: 04th march 2017	departure time: 10:05 pm		chart is not prepared yet.		kindly cancel this ticket"
for last ride
i have done
Can u find a hotel in mondarmani beach side area
just checking
thank you.. same to you.. :)
any women s t _numeral_ match _date_
bareilly me dance center kaha kaha pe hai answer in hindi
list me some
Say whether SBI ATM is nearby
bookcab
ok. thanks
share _numeral_ innings card please
ok..
logan english
set remainder about meeting
tomorrow at 11 am
it is mahatma gandhi bus station
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 09:50 am { reminder_list: 607960, user_id: 1622288, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
for staying
wake me today at 630 am
what s the target score
update scorw
Horror English movie
tell batting lineup of dd nd kkr
pls coordinate with urbanplay for the same
hey, i want to order food for delivery.{task}
kasganj to kanpur tomorrow train morning
who has won the match _date_
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 17307{product_id:17307_hup_atp,api_name:trains_api}"
befire
i want every over score update
whats d prediction
n temme b4 bookinh
what happened......ticket?
vr mall
pls read the msg again shruti
expiry date?
I want chicken restaurants
need to plan now. need info now
Information about 1paisa per second scheme on Vodafone
hey i need to cancel the railway ticket i booked yesterday
Hindi movies released today
Pls suggest restaurant near by
ok tell me one thing
will you make a channel for ipl
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for fri, 03 march at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 691964-691965-691966-691967, user_id: 1975351, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
list of telugu movies
Which bus is this .. Travel name ..
palazoo
Hey can u plz remind me to collect money from Akash infotech
"i will tell again 	mrs.shraddha sandeep pingale 17 august 1984	mr.sandeep dilip pingale 11 march 1980 	ms.isha pingale  30 july 2015	ms.gangotri naik 1 july 2003"
which teams matches _date_
Can i have the menu of Chandannagar Royal Restaurant?
sir koi recharge offer hai kya
i m looking  for some spa
please check when i have buses from gangaram to jbs
sorry it was by mistake
no last name
i already set wake up call
3 adults and 1 children
actually i have a huge luggage. i need transportation facility. from bidadi, bangalore to vijayawada.
time will be 10.30am today
how much luggage we can
great job
Plz tell me nearest metro station for tyagraj sport complex
lunch
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 06:30 am { reminder_list: 722519, user_id: 1985778, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
hi! i want to know the best data plans.{task}
my coupon code is not working
hi manal get me the point table now
Micromax service center Kottayam
Can u forward me the location where the bus stops..??
it is for chennai only
means whose chances of winning is more
Ranakpur express
sure please do
Kachpura railway station information
Only if I get ticket within 5k and the duration of the flight is no more than 3 hours
send scorecard
Find some place for spending holidays within 300kms from Delhi
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 03:30 pm { reminder_list: 559047, user_id: 1670234, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
they charged me for delivery which used to be free whenever i have placed an order by phone...
could you tell me how of the nearest metro station
🙏🙏🙏
aman??
Pls get me availability for fist two train to ahemdabad
class
how can i book tickets today's
Who is the price of pink tickets in rockline mall on this Saturday
what is the update of _date_ s match
5 star hotel in jodhpur
any other option
One chicken biryani
can you please share details on movies i can watch in gvk one mall today
pan card status as discussed above
north indian
nearby reliance store
i want to cancel rail ticket pnr 2128261279 of only one person
Heart broken
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 686726, user_id: 1971650, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
onion dosa
kuttram
no more thank you
Fries
and ise jab band karna hoga tab kya karenge
can i get the match fixtures
is there any offer on railway ticket
Reliance gallary
ok monica
hi friend
don't ne d a cab
plz chq available
sorry i have selected wrong option
NEAREST HOSPITAL IN BANDRA
madikeri
i want you to set up a reminder
good night
scores and updates
thank you so much !
stop sending scores
wat all covers in general pest control
punjab national bank
kon match jitaga
Hi Puneet, can you pls help me with bus tickets to Pondicherry from Chennai on 29th
Is there any theatre near me?
the total payment is?
Plz stop this reminder
abhi nhi
remind me in every 2hrs pls
plzzzz remind me today to drink milk at 11.45 pm
I want veg sandwich without garlic n onions
i dnt need the information about the chemist store in kolkata rather i need it in delhi...n can u pls find some suppliers who supplies dermacolor camouflage cream or concealer in a chemist store or anywhr else in delhi....i need it urgently by today for my fiance as he is supposed to attend the airline interview tomorrow at 9 am in delhi n he has got a little birthmark on his forehead so jst to conceal that particular area with the dermacolor product he needs dermacolor urgently by today....pls find some suppliers or chemist shop who keeps this product...please help
anytime in the morning
please cancel my alarm which was scheduled for today at 7am
wake me up at 7am today
Need to have pkg for Switzerland 6n, Austria 4n n UK 5n. Hotels 5 star with transfers n sightseeing. Pls send itinerary with rates
ktm duke 390 kitne ki hai new model 2017 ka
i have only one card
nearest
yes for sure. thanks for assisting me. you are good. and i will be waiting for the response from you and the company about my question.
but my friend got a offer on recharge today on haptik , 15 percent off on bill payment
"hi mithun, we tried our best but we regret to let you know that all our professionals are busy and we won?t be able to serve you.  please give us another chance and try again later.	-urbanclap"
bhandara
hey who won the match
by dancing
for week
let me check for other options to travel then.
motto siva ketta siva
what is the meaning of apologies for the inconvenience
_date_ who won srh or rcb
konkan kanya ex..10111 fr bombay to goa sleeper class fare?
hi no not required..
what was the score of ipl last to last night _numeral_ of may
recharge kyu nhi ho rha
we want to travel to this place
looking for ticket to mumbai for 6th of march
and mumbai indians
inform me once it gets started
I have informed twice that i dont want any reminder
Chennai EGMORE to ariyalur train
call oxigen wallet
noooo
can i book tickets with haptik wallet?
Where can get very less rate flight ticket
not coming
please book cab
Give me the train schdule of 12413
cricket live score massage me
ahmad nagar to mathura
any non stop bus available
i pay tax every month 7 day please remind me
please show me one way flights from kolkata to mumbai
hey, can you find me the nearest atm?
so what the fault
Homoeopathy shop
Gandhidham to delhi flight tickets fair and timings
hii gaurav
cancel this
metro card
Which movies running in Rajmandir theatre at Deesa ?
where can i repair my phillips trimmer in borivali?
in hyderabad
plz provide detail of this traim
kittu vunnadu jagratha
"		i want to know availability and fare in ac chair car (cc) in train number 12931{product_id:12931_bct_adi,api_name:trains_api}"
i need cheap rates
Stop giving the wake up call for me
how reputed is this place?
ok..
hey, can you set a wake up alarm for me? ⏰ {task}
how have orange cap at this time
Veg Pizza I need
can u plz share the ride estimate again
nope sorry
i try to use rupay card,but not accepting,do you use paytm
I need self deposit cash machine for Icici bank
something below 1000
sagar i have booked the the cab before to sunil i want to go to pune station by that cab
pay my jio bill
shilpa garu thanks for show the direction of kvb
hey what does the point table of ipl looks like
yes. if it is uber
technician came and took a spare to his work shop
whom r playing
okk{task}
any kfc deal?
I want tickets of 25th october
pls show my upcoming remindrs
what s your opinion who will win _date_
7980586361 on this no
Dindi resorts
can u take down oder
all day
How to reach  auli
please tell me the table of ipl
thanks !! have a blessed day friend,
is that ankit?
thank you for reminding me
gujarat teams players
hyd to goa flight price
mam _date_ match rating please
I want to know whether Dominos deliver today or not?
so which card give me offers?
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 691742, user_id: 1979339, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
hey remind to do "abhiyankars assignment " at 4 am
does it running in rajapalayam theaters
saturday match
turn off all reminders
hey give some other option like tight house for
that we can go and watch
vja
I want book cake for this reminder
remind me to order for dates today at 1pm
hlo sir
tell me the batsman name who is playing
ya ok
dihuli
i'll make cash payment
rcb on no _numeral_
ok active
show me time of aurangabad
when is ipl finals
dont call
aaj kon kon si movie lagi hai pvr nagpur me
I want to order power bank
Kfc restaurant near me
train departure from howrah or sealdah?
12th September check in
Hi. Reservation for farzi cafe today for lunch?
can you help me my ticet conformation
raymond shop near me and its contacr number?
will you please tell me the dates and teams playing
now i am busy
good morning siddharth
and snooze
anna nagar blue star
delete my morning alarm
how far is filmcity gate no. 7 from goregaav local railway station
Ola n Uber coupon code
"please stop this reminder 	put it after each 2 hr"
bats of all indian players
with you?
Want to order
i just want to know about mumbai darshan
Travel agents
i need invoice also
sandeep, i am unable to find information regarding the suvidha express or holiday express. mumbai  to varanasi
pnr no. 8412617130
train any dely
Stop all my reminders
r u a machine
thank you!!
keep updated
one more thing to ask??
is any hotel open?
Delhi to vijawada flights on the date 28-12-2016
call me on 1 min
i want to see the west indies team celebration dance
"it was a sorry state of affairs that u ppl can't keep ur promise.		before booking i had confirmed twice whether i will b eligible for the cashback.		i had lost my earlier sim. so i had to sign up again.		and it's not written anywhere that i cud not sign up again . and if do so i will not b eligible.		wats so ever, i did not like ur services as u ppl r first confirming and then deviating from ur own promises."
no it is not data pack
Film review of banjo
u can't book that?
waise paiso ki zyada jldi nhi hai muje..aram se bi diye to chlta
haptic only
where
yeman
reminders are not coming on homepage
not nw i will get back to u soon
offer is not valid in karnataka?
Amway product agency or dealer nearby
which is the best for dinner with 1000 per person and lite music
wjat do you think who will win this match
listen i have 225 balance
so you deal in movies ?
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 697710, user_id: 1980362, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
have a sweet dreams
can you tell me second sale bike dealers in delhi @110025
hi bro in the ipl _numeral_ okay _numeral_ nplayer ashis nehra in which team he has to play
"		i would like to cancel my meet test 1 reminder for tue, 14 march at 07:35 pm { reminder_list: 683054, user_id: 1903983, task_name: meet_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i didn't understand despite having 174 rs in my paytm wallet ... y i have to make payment through cash ...
hey when is the india west indies match
no other coupon?
ALL outlet is there in forum mall kormangala?
cam you buk me a candle dinner dor tmrw evng in trivandrum
first of all, i applied refferel code while log in
when in the finals
wat happen to my refund
not 5 adults
air ticket
hi.
Stop the reminder please
already mentioned 5tg march
hii pankaj
Tell me offer for uber ola taxi for sure
i wanted to know general charges
kaha s
heyyyyy...
I need a viper smoke pipe
malvika
kon kon h crese par
yes bro
any special screening in kolkata for semifinal of wt _numeral_ of india
guest house ?
no incorrectly
Remind me of booking train ticket on 27 September at 5 pm
Remind me to order food at 11.45 am
please update me about _date_ s matches
Yes please Arijit. I need to fix the flush in one of my washrooms, as well as a leak in the tap.
Train tickets in bihar sampark kranti from dbg to ndls 17 sept to 20 September
hi i want to know about salon services
i want to see your pics
Dhoni release date
how much cb do.i have?
any bus tickets we can book using thia
Can you give me same reminder for next 5 days?
can you get me the updates
what are the stats of _date_ s match
could not restaurant
no clinic is open today in banagalore ah
kitne rupy lgega
no thanks bye
can u entertain me
remind me of watering plants after 15 minutes
Is there any confirm ticket in any of the other 3 trains??
from solapur
do u checking
which cabs do u book?
mumbai indians wankhede
drinking water reminder
i need th present point table
tell me some gud normal restaurant
but gujrat lions have lost two games
piorit stor kalyan
q2t air: tkt booked for mr v krishnan 04mar maa-cjb on 6e275 pnr kdf6hd dep 5:05 pm arr 6:10 pm
Movie ticket Rate in suncity. Hall
when will start ipl
match schedule for tmrw
asked you for senior citizen fare difference railway .
mam i need any offer.. are ypu having some cashbacks on rc
hey can you find me handicraft market  in jaipur
could you cancel my 0430 am wake up call
thank u lot
no other deal?
kannada movie chowka
have u called them?
thank you broh
wake me at 1:56
i am looking for 348 plan
I am looking for Kannada movies
okey, payment got deducted from ola money but not from haptik wallet.
if any offer is there then let me know
me*
17. 3.2017 ka train from kolkata to delhi
i want to do paytm
gm khushboo
when ipl starts
show me the cheapest
hi when is the next match of kkr
can u finde a coffee day
Pink movie review
sorry i didn't want know any cabs
samsonite showrooms near chromepet not adyar
loooking for a new wifi connection
please wait it is one
nearest school
reminder to take healthy diet
lonavala
had u r lunch
I need to install it in my store
thx
not that's good
isn't there any indigo flight available
meri location s
Please stop this reminder
ipl ki tickets chahiye
6am today
send updated one
Can i know wer can i see making of telugu movies of full length
I wnt to go Thailand
ok sure
i need fare calendar for march
Can u help me file a complain for ac not working in the train against indian railways
lunch time
birthday cake i want to buy
Tell me seats available in VRL today nite from bangalore to karatagi  ad send me the layout
shell petrol bunk nearby
send me email also
same
Book a 3 Ac ticket in train no 12302 Kolkata rajdhani for 8th october
what's charged faridabad to old delhi station for 3 adults and two children with लगेज
sumit
the phone is switch off
Can u please find me Pg for Rent in dharwad near Gandhi nagar
current one
7 march sg 3274 spice jet pnr m8nlpz
after 30 min
will i get confirmed ticket for ma current status
Is there any sbi atm
where is sai crockery agency in azad market delhi-6
is there any bar nearby?
set a reminder for every half hour till 9pm
do n t tell about current
hey can i have the details of _date_ s match please
you re favorite team
where will be the final
Where is the service centre of microwave mobile located near southern avenue?
who are you?
On which number i will get remainder
pay idea bill and buy methi muthiya
💐💐
pls remind me to fill the form of manu at 9.15 am tomorrow
i don't have much time ma'am.
kk after march 31st what will be the plan cost??
how's the movie
thankyou mohit but i dnt hv early appointment
best flights to dehradun from delhi in the morning around 11am?
"		i would like to cancel my to-do: eye drops/sleeping time for everyday at 02:25 pm { reminder_list: 356211, user_id: 1869426, task_name: to_do, offset: 5, api_name: exotel }"
without help
offer ?
tell me about the ticket cancellation fees
Kindly canceled my reminder
need only return flight
torrent power ahmedabad
jhs
i am not sure of the date right now
can you send me the schedule of t _numeral_
review of commando 2
vadapalani
ook
i have some haptik wallet amount
over kaun dalega
there is no mention whether on recharge its given or not
Prefer me to one day trip from surat.
Power bank
gv me update of every ball
Hye ..I want to activate DND on my phone
On one ticket 50 off?
_date_ mi match
do you have their contact numbers
ok hang on
laundry service
jolly llb is good movie or not
wait for 11:30am
I need an electrician near my location
Do you have Ola cabs offers?
9830164362
batting line up of sunrisers hydrabad and kolkata knight riders
how am i supposed to redeem vodafone offer
call advocate b n soni 5 am today
have a good day sneha..
hey can you remind me to collect the gift
Ac sleeper I want
kkr vs mi wich team is the best in the ipl this year
Find the cheapest air fair from jaipur to Raipur dates 10 Oct  to 12 Oct return
Where to travel around konark
please update me the score in tegular intervals
airtel to airtel unlimited offers
Cafe coffee day
hey there
can you tell me the pnr status
of ghazi attck
maldives
i need 1bhk flat on rent in lucknow
i need logan details
hey.. nearby oriental bank of commerce atm
Search for any restro with candle light dinner facility in overall pune
Can u tell the time of bus from Pune katraj to mysore
tq u
tel.me any furniture shop
I need menu of Hawkers Vasant kunj
"instead wake up me at 3:15 pm	3rd march"
whats going on in ipl give me a jist of all the events
i am not getting reminder from last 3-4 days
by by
hi can you help me with the fastest and the cheapest route from mumbai to hadpsar in pune
jo no server mai he nhe hai ush mai paise daal kr apne mg kaise le liya
tmmrw only
Bhopal se Ganj basoda ke lie 5-09-16 ko train
please remove all my alerts.
hi malvika 😊
Reminder call at 7.10 am tomorrow
ho shakta hai
delhi to bombay
whr will i get the tickets
give me the latest
Wt is fare?
Pushpak exp
hey pranay!!!!
timings
any spcl train?
any Kollywood movies?
kyp kushal yuva programe kya hai kya aap iske bare me kuchh detail de sakte hain pls
remind me after 3 hours
"add a new reminder	task: write sop for ecell	date: march 4, 2017	time: 1 28 p.m."
please reply if you cab
thnks saumya
half an hr
i think
South Telugu movie new updates
railway station to dolphin hill l sector ,near yarada road vizag
confirm ho gya h na
fastest balls of alltime
"		i would like to cancel my call someone reminder for fri, 03 march at 12:03 am { reminder_list: 686927, user_id: 1978256, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
why was chris gayle not allowed to bat by the umpire
I want to service my commercial vehicle of Tata motor can provide me service centre contact
drink water
runs made by players
Any trains from Thane to Pimpri Chinchwad?
for every _numeral_ overs please tell me the score
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 01:00 pm { reminder_list: 601356, user_id: 1288809, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Which movie??
semifinal result _date_
thanks u too
yup visited
Reliance store ansal plaza
jay
sorry wrong u are
tell me todays match
hw s the score
yes i missed _date_ s match who was the winner and who got the man of the match
usma paise ni h yar
Can you suggest me flight from chennai to Madurai by 27th oct
your rate
I want vodafone to vodafone free calling offer
what are the best places to visit in Kolkata
Need hotel in Amsterdam on 1 oct to 5 October near citi center
tell me reviews for both of dem
kung fu yoga what date coming
I want to order jay bhavani vadapauv
Pet store near me
i am planning for a trip to vellore on saturday morning and return on sunday evening
bro team of rcb _numeral_ ipl
i would like to know logding nearby dombivli badlapur
next match ipl
Train for bareilly to seetapur
i'm having issues over sharing my location
driving license and pan card will do
swthrt show me more options
What is the train timing from Chennai to mettupalayam today at Chennai central?
soo i ll get a call...????
Can u tell me the Panasonic service center
Do I have any type of top up for aircel postpaid to get a free net pack in roaming
not now tommorrow
New movies
sangli mukta
I need to know what r the trains that are available to travel from Delhi to tadepalligudem and their travel time
i think from kolkata have flight to bhutan
ur sneha
akashay orchid veeranapalya
any matches in delhi vikas
Hi can i know the availabity of krishna express from hyd to vijayawada
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 14055{product_id:14055_ald_krj,api_name:trains_api}"
umroli
sorry mananpur
na i will book but after few days
any offer in ccd
full scoreboard live match
hi, i'm interested in watching resident evil the final chapter. {movie_name:resident evil the final chapter}{task}
score sheet for rcb please
how r u?
19115 train no..and 1 ticket
remind me to clean the water filter every sunday at 10 am
hi milvika how r u
movie booking via haptik resumed?
My pnr status
yes i am watching the match
want to buy new
Hey, I would like to cancel all my reminders
Can you give me the recepie for malai kofta
fast please
can you provide airtel digital plans for me??
50 off per ticket?
ola cabs at 8 am
sayali updates of match
phone number?
dell service centre near my location
thnx padma
ok w8 i ll let u no mrng
Pink movies timing
18029 train number get be current status..
any opinions to pay credit card bill?
please send rajkot s schedule too
if i get a refund of anything in haptik wallet can i transfer it into my bank account??
hey whats the current score
send me _date_ s match details
no some time lader
departure city not mentioned
can you help me wid d match scedules
when is the next match which india is going to play
i vl get back to you...
i wish to watch rangoon n ambience mall
hii i want wine shop
menu for dikshnts delicious
unwanted disturbance your app is
Yes stop my water reminder
beautician
is it
ling
Wait ... Check for 12976 ac3 n sleeper
i was just trying to check whether you are a real person or a computer
yes ,thank y
Mirzya movie tickets
i want
when will the final match starts
passport office
tnq so much
how can i get cashbacks here?
yes i want a update of the matches
Get me early morning options onway from delhi to jammu on 11th october for 2 people
reminder me tomorrow will on 10:00am" give money to vishal"
thnku for reminding me
hotel bookings?
mumbai to delhi, fly on thursday return monday
kishanganj ruidhasa
where are you from ?
yeah sure brother app !!
Any train availability from changanacherry to ernakulam junction or town tomorrow
by
🍕
you have pinged me for webcheck in
hi .. give me best offer to recharge my phone..
for 7th
Any bus available
which pnr no
Hi akash I want to know abt new Telugu upcoming films please will yu
this app very easily paymentku this app very very use it
wardhman nagar
_date_ ipl meach squads in punjab team
or just tell me when the matches finishes
gudnight
please help me to power sation number plz
_date_ mtch
_date_ kiske kiske beech match hai
Returning train
heh
Can u tell me train katra from ludhiana on 11 sept
it's not chepest.. mmt showing 3400 pp
ride estimate??
Find hotel near station
but can u tell me that they are extending there offer for 99rs
any upcoming seminars on gst in new delhi
recharge nhi ho pa raha hai
can i have points table of the ipl
how much convenience fee are u charging?
still not reached
yes from mumbai to pune or shivaji nagar
ipl champion tim kon
need old remainders
this is regarding address proof for ashar camp
sam t u
kon kon se service hai
can i get your number
low cost
I want silken tofu packet delivered to my house
chitts
i was just testing
are u online
which two team plays final
do u guys have the option for broadband/ landline recharge on this app
and highest runs list in vivo ipl
seat no. please
the upside time
hi ok i will try
just for tomorrow
i don't want reminders for this anymore
I want to book a bus ticket
hello punot
can u tell me d pnr status
ohh... no issues.
i want micro
can you snd me th shedul of ipl _numeral_
tattoo store
I also want to activate DND on my mobile
I want know the service centre of canon printer near at basaveshwar nagar,bangalore
webcheck in for the above please
Best 5 star hotel in chennai
yes keep me posted with live update on _date_ india match
okay cool
i want ipl _numeral_ timetable
i m not able to get a cab
on 7th
but which team
nearest railway station to enkoor
7610067504 pe recharge kiya tha mre rupes cat gay recharge aaya nai
price?
please tell me way to go to royal meenakshi mall from bellandur!
Upcoming movies in this weekend
heelo
want to repair gas stove
jii mai kya apne i20 car me kya bullet proof glass laga sakata hu ya nhi
sure. i'll let you know
13/03/2017
Can you find a chauffeur to drive my car from delhi to Gorakhpur
v3s maal cinema timing nirman vihar
i want to stop it
I need aloo pitika and ghee paratha
i need 500 rupees
15-08-1990
i want scorecard
banks
location ub mall bangalore
Wave cinema moradabad.. Show time.??
ya sure. thank you so much
yes but first
Nearby HDFC bank
sure thing
andheri, mumbai me hotels btaiye
Movie Timings
liquor store
hey _date_ is there any match
Bank of india ATM
Cancle all the alarms
7:30 am as well
hi, i want to book share - 2 seat {product_id:share, api_name:ola, product_name:share - 2 seat, seat_count:2}
thanks{task}
leave.
i am up thanks for the call
Acha low fare main
my state people will remember u forever
i need to find a print shop
i am joined the gym
i need only restaurants with out bar and they dont serve pork and their chicken and meat should be halal
no because of late trains i am eligible for tdr kindly file it as it is booked thru using haptik as agents
which dates are the semi finals
running status of  train no 12482
when i'm get my cashback
what is the venue of the on going match
do you have knowledge abt ipl
sbi
SRS travels schedules from shimoga to bangalore?
i no more require z reminder
Some adult movies
can rcb qualify for the playoffs
ummabye
Banks
location for photoshoot
will you please remind me at 5 am
is this after _date_ s match
what happened to kevin pieterson in _date_ s match
Can u order paneer Chile
wens the match in mumbai
which batsman is playing
you are girl or boy
sorry need help to webcheck in
but my location is in agra
what are u doing
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for mon, 06 march at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 722511-722512-722513-722514-722515-722516, user_id: 1985740, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
could u find out  refrigerator service provider in pondy?
can you provide me confirm ticket of 4 march from delhi to pune.
near by any atm is there
please remove all reminders
18406 booking tatkal me krna he 3 march
whoes match is it
Hey Punnet I'm getting a 30k return fare on MakeMyTrip
ohkie if i need then i will tell it to you
will i get cash back?
cash back ???
i have not got a single reminder from your side till now
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 09:30 pm { reminder_list: 691659, user_id: 1979316, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
yes but need offers..? 🤔
remind me at 9;35
Hey I want to book a ticket for delhi from jamalpur
any offers in flights
its almost time for the second innings
Raipur to jabalpur 2nd or 3rd ac
arey nikal
Best pubs in Hydherabad ?
bar on mind
can skip.
what is the predicted score
I want mcaloo tiki burger and aloo wrap
Can I book a train ticket here??
i want 3 seats in pool
please update the status of match
"		i would like to cancel my to-do: lunch for everyday at 01:25 pm { reminder_list: 355967, user_id: 1869426, task_name: to_do, offset: 5, api_name: exotel }"
i m asking u platform no
From Tiruppur to Madras central
Flight ticket rate
Wake me in 6 am
can you tell me whats the score
Any food dil every at ujjain
Station name between  from kalyan to ghatkopar
Today train ticket poorwa express train no.12303 date 26/09/16
but i am vegetarian
How many waiting list are there from bhadravathi to banglore on 6/9/16 train
Sure a call reminder at 1100 am to mr aman md The  Aryans ....
No remove that reminder
call at 5
hi harsha, i nees to travel bangalore tomorrow night can u suggest me the best way
i need a help from u
yaaaa
awesome
wen it will come
yeah thank you so much
water call band karna hai
give a reminder for study
sunday i'll plan to going junagadh
vibhuti express train no. 12333 now tell me location
yeah, aure!
I want to order from Cake Magic.{product_id:6507546,product_name:Cake Magic,api_id:,api_name:zomato}{carousel_cta}
notification would wirk
travel insurance international
Want some best plans nd cashback for my airtel tv recharge nd tata docomo rechagr
it doesnt have seat number
train no 12403/ allahabad jp express which plate  for coming in allahabad juntion
i have to go for movie
will let you know
once a week
may i know@ what time the train will reach
Best price karondh kaunsi city bus jati h
thanks, riddhi.
thank you bhai jug jug jiyo
no book ticket u try the flights available
i made a recharge but i didnt get the invoice of that recharge
who was win the match
Travel packages for Goa during January 2016
please set a reminder for every thursday
hi! can you please recommend me some 3 months course in animation in agra
what s score
half km
hey, can you share the reviews for a movie? rangoon{task}
any scheme for prepaid recharge
Can u help me to find someone who can instal AC
Is mall of mysore ipen tomorrow?
dnd?
like
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 05:30 pm { reminder_list: 707209, user_id: 1979488, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
whose gon na win
delete my wake up alarm
sorry it is pickup
do start reminding me abt hydration from tomorrow again please
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 694656, user_id: 1980192, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
aur postpaid ka kya min plan hai
can you remind me once more? to buy medicine
gl vs sh innings of last match i said
can i get offer on richarge
dear ms. sharma: you are confirmed on flight sg 857 dated 06-mar-17 departing at 9:25 am from bengaluru to kolkata. your pnr is tf9l2e. to choose from an expanded menu and to get discounted rates, please pre-book your meal through "manage my booking" at https://goo.gl/jpnuz9.  you can also select spicemax seats that offer extra legroom, complimentary meal and much more, as well as select other useful add-on products and services to enhance your travel experience. we look forward to welcoming you on board.
i don't need it
Nearest sbi bank
go windies
is it possible now
Whats the delivery no. Of pizza hut in Juhu Area?
sorry for late reply
thanks siddarth
Majnu Movie tickets available??
ccd
lost interest after seeing the reviews
laser engravers and memento dealers nearby
vizag to chennai on 4th august
i need conform tickets give me
this is not a chatbot/ai based personal assistant if i have a human on the other end.
evening
no all over
I need ticket of tatkal. In sangmitra express from Bangalore to Patna please make ticket to day
more..
i want to go spain
kaidi no 150 movie tickets
i need cctv dealer in bathinda
👆
how to go dhaniakhali halt railway station in west bengal
नो हेल्प सर एम सॉरी
winner movie theater plz
and who gives u the reminder to remind 😂
der
your service is pretty good
hi....waaaasimmm
thnx
You will call?
nearby restaurant,??
the option of dehradhun in not mention here
home delivery foods
any offers for dth recharge
so will i get cashback of ₹75 each on my next 2 rides?
i want to order pizza from pizza hut
bye, i m.ss khushboo.
only for this ipl season
call is not responding
thank yoy
Which movie is there ??
any iffers in recharge
thanks_to miss ...
all the movies
can you send score please
when will the ind vs westindies cricket start what is the score if already started
Any vacancy in train no. 13202 .. From jabalpur to pnbe
price looks high to me so will plan later
some miscommunication has happened
no reminder from your side
Please tell me the trains available on 8th other than shatabdi
Motorola service center in manglore
*for
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 12558{product_id:12558_anvt_gkp,api_name:trains_api}"
sure.. have a great day
But sir I not able to wake up so can u call me again if possible
virat kohli and ab de villers
Can u search a sbi bank near to masat
swad restraunt?
iske alawa?
petrol pump opened right now
keep updating scored
for these _numeral_ overs
ong to katra
pregnant
Pls switch off daily 1.30 reminder
is there any coupon for me ??
credit the cadhback
what r the upcoming match tuday
not interested 😏
please you can tell me who is the winner of spitsvilla8
u had asked for 48 hrs
Hi could u help me out with vodafone , std rate plans
dude gujrat loins
hii dear
noo. if any i will call u
semi final kb h
Le meridien hotel dubai
Hi i want to know mumbai to guwahati flight ticket rates on 5 th oct
i am at the place but didn't get the table yet
:){task}
yeah baby
nop...the assistant
anything from swiggy
oh great
what is the current points table of ipl
hai meenakshi
not only 3a
what s the scores in finals
i need 7 seater cab
yes can get score update every over
check
i cant open this link
mumbai only
can you remind me to do my office work at 11:20 am
i guess west indies wil win
wake me up at 9 am on 4th march
can u
kasauli kitni door hai yaha se
So the flight u have suggested is a direct flught or a connecting flight
there teams
aap mujhe 26th may ke fares bata sakte hain
full detail score with overs and batsman runs
tamil
district panipat
i need contact numbers of workers who mount leds and lcds on wall.
Hey plz stop all reminders
there were some rumours saying that the next ipl would not be hosted in india the fact is uncertain for sure
ok thanks reshma
bsh
remind me on 4.3.2017 about evs books for grade nine and grade ten
What is departure time?
no i don't want to book a ride
can i recharge my prepaid datacard.
u want in defense quota
gujrat lions last match score
thnx again
Kfc near to me
yahhh pls
passport size photos
timings please
from hyd to kurnool
is that overv
Ooh... sorry but I wanted a 3 tier sleeper
i want to go haridwar in 27
how are u
emergency 🚨 please
can you give me the teams playing for rcb vs gl
i would like to cancel my reminder
show me flights for tomorrow.{423919}
what about the second match
ok thnks a lot
हांजी
score card of last rcb match
i want vivo ipl tickets in urgent
then help me with scores and updates
who won the match
what us score right now
let me know bout d toss
cool...tq
status of bses bill payment of ca no 150375499?
come on... just help me with this
no wen needed i vl get back to you
i see jolly llb 2 movie
a c installt
help me out
Hi..do you hv any travel package for shirdi ??
paytm offer
can i pay act internet bill?
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 718588, user_id: 1984743, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
for the next match in mumbai
no time
Train from amravati(badnera) to vrdha on 25/09/16
What is the fare
eye lens shop
reminder at
Local train
Hyderabad to Goa 20-9-2016 Tim am price
hey who won the match rcb vs gl
I want Coupon codes for movies
don't know
naresh i want reminder 5 min from now
what is the start time
want to go to cst
and 8.45 am also
u missed to remind
Hi can u give me the details of restaurant
can u pls help me with my query? ? is there any nearby mosque(muslim prayer hall)  near whitefield railway station? ?
thank u all for water reminder
Can you call me at 6.15 in the morning.?
Find me the best flights from Delhi to Catania on Oct 1st and arrive back on Oct 6
No software update at service centre?Is it available?
i want to change the pick up location
can u give any info regarding horror movies in hyderabad
no am not want to recharge i want to pay my postpaid bill
no cash that atm
it's
i had only one postpaid
hey ill be travelling  to aurangabad
also, who can i talk to regarding airtel issue
ting tonh
u find good restaurants here.. and u will have many foreign visitors .. who can use this app
ll inform you after weight check. thanks
Train flight or bus
sorry mam please send me link agin
sorry by mistake i selected it.
how to go dhaniakhali in west bengal
can u suggest a place where i could repair ot
I am looking for postpaid sim
3/17/2017
what matches are scheduled for _date_
no i have already placed the order. you'll are too slow!!!!
"		i would like to cancel my meet gonsalkar reminder for fri, 03 march at 07:59 pm { reminder_list: 684677, user_id: 1971434, task_name: meet_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i am unable to search
I need to order burger form McDonald's
we want...
7/3/2017
remind me for water consumption
Car seat shampoo
i want to recharge my dth
Awesome please set this reminder
from gwalior to jhansi
i mean home delivery for foo
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 4 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 601393, user_id: 1952311, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
53629 train statuss please
Remind me via call
ok..i have to use this code only na?? is any other terms n condition ?
Phenonix mall pune address
do you have the rates?
can u help me with that
cashback?
pimple gurav
Semi sleeper would do
thank uuuu
ok thank you ji
Hi can u able to book train ticket
any offers on recharge
Does Mad Over Donuts deliver to IB Patel Road, Goregaon East?
17416 train rightnow
what itis been done
i want to travel to mumbai today
wen will ipl get ovr
siddharth it is 20 min no call still
any discount on logan
i want a enquiry
Want to book cab any offer?
and ball to ball comentey
can i use haptik wallet to pay
i dont want to wake up on sunday
could you send me the match updates
how much time ?
ok thanks
ind vs bang
what is the match schedule
Hi. I need to hire chef for our south Indian restaurant in Bangalore. .
i need eletrican for my new office
according to ur offer
yed
Hey can you help me with flight rates from mumbai to Goa
still wating for food
Ok..what's the ticket in that class?
wake me again
tell me the fare
whose bowling this over
Batam near by beauty parlours
do you have their menu
yup
i want to recharge for jio prime offer
remind me to mark foundation syllabus at 4 pm today
highest scorer of this match
i need a aircel service store
thanks for assisting
i need to order medicines
I want to pay my airtel bill
reminder fusion 9 chef sikander at 11.30am
par one hour plz remainder how many page created vishal preshard
Preferred date is 29 Nov to 4 Nov
U booked in kek accomondition that is non ac and in my query i sd i want ac single room now the kek is asking for 1800 of room
which cabs can be booked through haptik?
Near by yoga center
no thanks😊
you spoke well
heebuli
"you said i will get refund to my bank account in 6 to 7 business working days 	but i am not getting how you will transfer because i didn't share my account details with you guys"
u said u ll remind me book tatkal tickets. thats enough
What's the cheapeast and quick mode to go from nashik to mumbai
over and
bye gud night tc
woodland showroom nearby
Hii..will you gimme offer to book ticker from dli to haldwani
Pizza diverse h kya no idea sector 49 m plz chk and help me order
update after every over
khar west
want to watch jolly llb
hi, if i book a ola cab, can i pay by ola money?
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 07:35 am { reminder_list: 701817, user_id: 1937293, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
update me about t _numeral_ world cup scores
i want to know pachmadi buses timing for nagpur
wts score card
i would like to cancel my call piyu reminder for sat, 04 march at 04:00 pm { reminder_list: 707651, user_id: 1137236, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
hindi movies
it's address plz
Find me a train from agra to unnao
Nearby restaurant for family?
can u help me me with coupons to recharge ?
does the rates are same
however i would have luggage
ok mam cheak where is my 37 cashback
whc are the _numeral_ qualified twam
let me know the show timing ghaziabad
not table
train sheduled from nagpur to kesinghgadh (orisa)
Any food
i pay at hotel
i wanna take a trip to goa
ahmedabad se gangapur city ke liye kon si trein he aaj ke liye
Shujalpur to Bhopal train
Western Union
which teams in semifinals
Tawa pulao from cafe dlite
wake me up at 8.30am today
this is wrong answer i m asking for valuable player not expensive
Hi sumona can you tell the travel package for 2 days
Cancel this reminders pls
my ticket confirmed?
can you tell me the date india semi final
blackberry mobile service centre
Cafe in thane?
I want to set a daily reminder for the medicines
tomorrow at 9 am bring trolley bag from benlo
give scorecard
can i book train ticket
you look cute
can you please delete it
no confirm tickets
yes i got it
i m confused
dadar, mumbai
25036
Can you tell me the details of paytm offer on cashback for dominoes pizza
airplane
thanks hardik
I want a hotel or resort wihich should b connected to d beach..
what are some of the best offers
help me to predict _date_ match
Is this for return
looking for a contact details of companies in my  location
monday
ovr n all
choolaimedu  to ooteri  distance
Wer is hdfc
remind me tom
i will avail it tomorrow to pay postpaid bill
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 07:30 am { reminder_list: 664780, user_id: 1971389, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
I don't need reminders now on
cancel my schedule
"date: march 4, 2017	time: 6 00 am"
is it for 10th march?
give me a wake up call at 6.30 am tomorrow plz
no ty
Malai barfi then :)
idea toll free number
Alarm
what is the cab offer for today
remaind me for my practice every half hourly if you can
Theatres
Set reminder for DEC 21st as exam enrolment of IiBF AmL and Kyc course 11 am 1000/rs
Great restaurant specially for Jain
Paav bhaji
good morning meenakshi!
Deactivate all reminders
What's the train fare from belgaum to mumbai
what about tarrif of standard room?
i am aa big fan of dhonii
hi, i want to go out and dine. can you recommend some good restaurants?{task}
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 05:30 am { reminder_list: 719112, user_id: 1984862, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
k tanq
po di loosu nee waste
in lb nagar
make my reminder of 06/mar/17
Dominoes mangalore number
which is the last wicket
how to cancel reminders
i would like to see telugu version in hyderabad.
have a great work
mixi repair
good ev
i want jaipur to ahmedabad and then ahmedabad to jaipur
tell me playing _numeral_ of india
axis bank near by
can you please set reminder for tomorrow
what was the result about match
Hi, I am interested in Cultural Thailand 4 Nights 5 Days package. Please tell me more about it. {product_id:860, product_name:Cultural Thailand 4 Nights 5 Days, api_id:8, api_name:travel}{carousel_cta}
Surat to ahmedabad train today
reminder again to drink water for everyday: everyday
Can you fetch my e ticket for flight?
yes received
thank you so much 😊😊
i dnt want showroom... i need dist'r no..
"please show me one way flights from ahmedabad to lucknow 		onward date - 24 april"
for tube light fitting
no need of travelling😂
_date_ schedule for ipl
i would like to cancel my reminder for sat, 04 march at 09:00 am { reminder_list: 697794, user_id: 1919577, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
under the budget of rs 40,000 per head
M looking for spa
have a good day
hello g m
hey man
12487 seemanchal express..tell me about platform no at allahabad
trichy airport to trichy railway station
who was the mom in both match
i am getting lot of junk sms and advertising calls on 9424174471
ticket soft copy not received on mail
nizam nagar line kolkata
hy please  inform me any gynecologist in asansol
save100 isn't applicable for me😢
walking placed  the order
Can u wake me up in an hour?
only train offrr
Can u book ola cab for me?
y gujarat not win d ipl they have highest points ie _numeral_
"		i would like to cancel my reminder to 'weak up' for everyday at 06:00 am { reminder_list: 557966, user_id: 1935286, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Bus
thanks,i have arranged my own
req show defence quota flights fare
plse tell me nearby pg in andheri west
any offer on movies as haptik always have on weekend releases?
thankw
hotels near grant road mumbai
okay so what s the score now
abhi book hoga kya
can i ask smthng
do leave a text if i don't wake up
in dis location
sure sure bye :)
is there any in lower parel that is open today ?
what about _date_ match predictions
i want to book tickets for 2 passengers in train number 04404
would i get the tickets for _date_ match
Don't cancel d air ticket on 16th October from bealgum to Mumbai
cancel all my reminders and wake up calls.
hatia to gkp express 05028
wow thank you soo much for keeping updates
How to activate DND on my mobile?...
else
is there any discount available?
thankyou so much rahul good night
ice
hai good morning anjali
pnr status
can i use my wallet balance to order the food
call me till 6:40 am also
when _date_ innings will start
any code for bill payment
i d appreciate if yu cud keep me updated
sa is already in finals right
Can u tell me the fare of train travel from ndls to tatanagar for 2 ac
don't let train number...
any offers for movies?
dishes
tell me live updates about matches
thanks😊
And 3 alarms in an interval of 5 minutes as well?
ball by ball
and melissa i want to cancel my last train as it is late by 2 hours .
you are robot or human
that's it for now .. thanks
the feature a
what tamim iqbal has almost _numeral_ runs
may i no what s the par score on vishakapatham pitch
i lv your response samiksha
remind me for all the kkr matches this ipl
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 677450, user_id: 1975478, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
in that match definitly bangalore will win
yes i need the update
From bangalore to kolkata
all delete
katpadi
can you plzz remind me on wednesday 8 march 2017 to book tickets
i ordered on faasos, can u giv me their customer care no.?
hyderabad- chennai superfast
just find me an ashram
ap express
Can get the review
from yamuna nagar
jio centre
which team is in the first number in ipl
call me at 1.30 pm
Pl remained for medicine at 8.00 AM
waanaa book flight tickets
appliance not there in list
midc chakan, malunghe
i would like to have some gujarati for
nope dont cancel it..by mistake i did that
what's the cash back offer to me
how about my payment
u r not a bot ?
i have train tickets on 28th feb from bangalore to hospet
one train ticket purchase from you 17/2/17 that ticket i had censale but still my credit card not received today i have received bill my credit card statement so kindly request u that amount rs 1224/ payment should be reversible immediately
tell ghy del fare after 11am
Hello I want to cancel the ticket
11301 train avlabilty
we want home delivery from thalapakatti
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 719890, user_id: 1985102, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want flightt tickets
Any recent realised movie in telugu
i didnt sleep
can you check and confirm?
yes give me 15 prcnt coupon
very bad
will srh qualify
n say
complete information
i wanna knw which movies r releasing tom.
chennai to villupuram train
do you also text on my behalf
Hi, can you check if train tickets are available for Delhi to Jammu for 13th Oct and returning on 16th Oct?
Asansol to Hyderabad by road
i will book later
remind me to send a letter to malik at 1530 today
i want subway menu
show me all previous t _numeral_ worldcup matches sl vs eng
Pizza offer
U can get discounts on movie tickets?
ksrtc buses online reservations
book hotel in kolli hills
kal parking area mai jo list lagi thi usme nahi tha
what is the points table
what you think who will win
gv me update
Online beer
sure.u too
m from karnataka , yew mean il nt get doscount
don't
can u check with them?
Travel Pac plane
scorecard of _date_ match rcb
why it's not happening
please keep me updated since i wo n t be able to watch the match
what the scores is
Check if there is any early morning flight? On 25 oct bombay to delhi
jai ganga maiya
Stationary
is dere mi match _date_
Taxi  up to titwala
hi need uptil now how many tosses gujrat has won n how many mumbai has won in ipl
i will tell u later
what is mumbai chances of going into the playoffs
uppcl
hey can u pls stop giving me morning wake up calls
how was the match _date_ with dhoni
who wiill win the match _date_
kitna runs sa
Thanks Akash, it was nice food & timely delivery.
bro can you tell me the players name of dd and mi
it's not valid here
hey this error is due to reliance or other ?
how many price
There any train facility to Goa on Saturday
Love status of bhallarsha passenger
can you have me reminder at 4pm today to call at rock school of music
dana choga
plz suggest me good gym in budget for cardio nearby
as well
Do u knw whats the train timing of kolkata rajdhani on 4th of october?
rejected transaction aa rha h
thanks siddharth!
morning show or afternoon show in bangalore
anjali i need your help
i can chat other languages
i wanna book it for right now
ipl wining prize money kya hai
I needed another reservation
Tel me fligjts from patna to delhi today
19578
coffee​  with d
pnr  2803492523  me se passengar 2 ke seat cancel  kar do  name M S Rathod
near my location any availability
bangalore to mumbai on april 1stvweek?
Can u show me shows for tomorrow for pink at cubic mall, chembur
hi can u order and deliver food for me from jeetu sandwich corner at sikka nagar?
state bank of india  near by me
"medicine reminder	medicine: romi	days: everyday	time1: 10 00 am	time2: 2 00 pm"
hey y can't i get notifications for the sane
lots of message anjali
like kingsman
what all assistance i can get
mam mail aya tha haptic se kuch lucky draw nikala he mere liye samaj ni paya me
i want recharge coupon to recharge mobile
udaipur inox show timing
Axix bank near Gurgaon sector 29
on my mail
OK Gobi manchuri
set another reminder {type: wake up}
can we move ahead with the booking
who is balling
near by me
when is the match of rcb
cancel the pln
top rated
please cancel this ride
ok, if that is the case i may have to pay nearly 900 rupees right
atleast today u dont ask same thing
hey, so sorry it was clicked by mistake
don't call me sexy call me as sexybaby
quotation please
wake up me at 5:30 am
show other movies list
Can u tell me whether there are any volvo services from Ahmedabad airport to gandhidham on 16.12.2016???
I want to reserve a table for 12 people
send me reminder link
if win rcb will no _numeral_ or no _numeral_
yaar yeh ek hi pizza mille ga 800 ka ?
Sri ramana theatre route map
india upcoming match
in connaught place
thanks ronak
good service
mr baozi
ask pankaj to reply fast
qho has the orange cap now
muje mere number 8888363769 pe dnd activate krna hai
what happen  pnr numbers
didn't got it's success message
Texas movie hollowood
leave ..it
can u say me .
del to bom with indigo 6e-223 at 10:40 hrs on mon, 20 mar
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 715374, user_id: 1975116, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Ymca function at 1130 am tomorrow 28092016
enter details is not working on final page of paying through credit card
please give me score details
no thank u
there have any pub in brigade road
I reached at service centre
wts d score nw arti
Remind me to download how to get away with murder at 7 pm
SBI ATM near my location
do u have mc donalds coupen code
want to know the best offer for old users to pay postpaid bill
there is ₹75 cash back on first 3 rides, right?
ye tongya
Any indigo or jet flight for tmrw from HYD TO BOM time before 13:00
can you please ping me when match is over
what the hell was yestardays match
i want tickets of _numeral_
keep me updating ipl score
thn updt m score wh its strt
I want to book train ticket
what is rain status
suraj can you me a nearest book store where i can get english language guess paper
thanks i got it
this section is for travrls na so can i ask about my queries ?
can u check the train schedule for 11126 inter ity express
Nearest hdfc bank to my location?
plz book my cab through paytm
ghy to nhln
sruti
in final
disable all reminders
Raipur to bilaspur chattisgarh express timing
ok thank then i need i contacted you thanks
i want to buy tickets for _date_ s game in bangalore
I want to book one flight ticket from london to ahmedabad in pound currency
yup one glass of water it is !
i worked at johnson & johnson
what will be the charge of trip to manali for 2 person?
set another reminder {type: other}
from nokha to dhuri
rogue one
I mean dinnr set
Arrival time of venad express at ijk station train no:16301
Jaipur to pune for 9 November
hi, i want to search for a movie.{task}
not past transaction, new transaction not happening
date of travel today
any Restaurant..where Chinese noodles can get??
i want score updated once in every three balls
i am busy told out
thnkss😄
can i have your whstsapp number
442-9358728
Is there any train in 22/9/2016
how to go kooti ligaisvaray temple in karanata
Are you sure for Samsung service centre
i m an online payer of eb bill every month i m paying thru the website
Home theatre speakers.
I am visiting portbalir on 12th November from new Delhi
Please book train tickets
had your tiffen.how are you
could you guys give more payment options, like cards and other mobile wallets?
check in please
Near by good place for drinks and hookah from Kes college
yes i wanted to say keep me updated about the score whenever match will be going on live
so rcb in finals
remind me to call thaliva at 11:00 am
i have shared among all
Hi can you tell me the next flight to Chandigarh from Bangalore?
hi...yesterday i have booked flight ticket plz send me pdf ticket copy on mail...
i want updates of india pakistan match from starting and every after half an hour
how much gap between dinner and sleep
not at 11 am, do it at 10 am
set it for whole year
gunturodu....
can you tell me the ticket prices
find rakshit networka
yrrr faat ko sota h
remind me to send authorisation doc to nau and aau
I need two train tickets for Delhi to jalandhar at 16 sept
full cab only
gud nt
it's the same one i sent you earlier
thank you am watching the match now wo n t wed the scorecard
not sunday saturday
Looking for reliance store near about Sahakar Nagar
ok. thank u and same to u
sorry good evening
as this was my first transactions with u
not a movie name i spell  a theater name
it's k show me the train list
not needed
your score is wrong
thanks shruti ...
my name is periyasamy n
what about chennai super kings
vegetarian dinner
sir please pnr status
now 9 pm giri nagar to 97 chirag delhi ravidas mandir
soryyy....do not cancel
is there any hair art college in udaipur
hyderabad to pune buses
route for chikmangalur
Could you tell me the price of flight tickets from jaipur to pune on 2nd October sunday?
In badaun any ticket
i need to book through wallet amount?
oi
is any one there...
I want to the fare of cab
hi hi karthok
can you arrange one ticket from kol to mum on 6 march
so the match will start on _time_
south and central delhi area.
_date_ kis kiske match h
sry ws actually searching for home delivery
nearest chat times
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 09:00 am { reminder_list: 689712, user_id: 1955690, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
distance from my location to kolabera
i want scores of _date_ s cricket match
as the ride amount was less thn rs-100
anjali i am talking abt my cht box issue
only vibrate
Is it a alarm
yes please updates me nfull match
oky then tell me
thanks shruti, any offers for commando 2 on subday, mukta panvel
Movies shows near me
batting pair
hey hi can u tell me where is the trampoline park
only with a bow tie alright na
i have already done it
gdnyt
karnataka express
Bbsr to ghatagaon km by bus
plz tell me the train number of seemanchal exp
i am looking for train to nagore
do you have tickets
uber mumbai coupons for registered users
I need a reservation for the restaurant Striker by ada in gk 1 for 8 persons on 28th sept at 12:30. Also before that can u tell me if there are any offers
Hospet to dharward train on 13/09/2016
what s mumbai position in the points table right now
Any way to buy roasted coffee beans at this hour?
remind me about meeting with mr bhosale at 11
u have to remind for -aarya heights work pending
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sun, 05 march at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 708918-708919, user_id: 1424551, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
yes i want reminder for meeting
how to get a ticket for ipl matches
what happened my transaction is done or not
Muzaffarnagar to Meerut ke liye train btao
hi sid
sorry.. don't want to book
Wake up call at 5
who was mom last night
ping me score every over
12/30/1899
order starbucks
thanks a lot. you care a lot ya.
how are you dear
show the first menu pls
insurance may not required
For study 8 pm every day
Shop
thank you gaurav.
near any food cort for home delivery
i have send the msg
just say d dates of hyderabad
give me scores
"i need status for this flight sg-3105	chennai to goa on 15th april"
Can I have the details of Pune Mumbai trains list.specially inderani
stop reminder
please tell me the live score
can you get me the rates for 23 th may from mumbai to kolkata
hi.....i need maid to look after kids and house...could you help
great thank you
make it soon
who s on the bowling side
thx bby
the location doesn't have to be near me
In kanya and srikanya theater which movie
sorry i done
Lenovo mobile service center Mumbai nearby Andheri & ghatkoper.
girl
this will b ur call or application pop up
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for fri, 03 march at 05:00 pm { reminder_list: 693219, user_id: 1976291, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
then how do i get cash back
Get ticket for me today travelss
wake me up at 5am today
plz suggest
rcb vala
is hardik playing in next match
Airtel m data plan kitne ka h above 600 or kitni gb h
hi gaurav can you please turn off the reminders?
cash
i need match summary
actually this my another number i have to pay 8130990703
not now. i let you know later
Train chhut jati H tb
From 19sept to 26 sept can u show me lowest fare flight from bangalore to delhi
there is no match now
"please show me one way flights from mumbai to allahabad 		onward date - 01 may"
sorry no need
who os having the purple cap
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 09:00 am { reminder_list: 685079, user_id: 1963971, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
☺️😴
Which movie is showing in Eros
Lonavla
Banana shake
i want to know availability for general compartment on march 7
between 800-1000
i want tatkal ticket
any kotak bank atm
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for everyday at 10:30 am { reminder_list: 482067, user_id: 1911857, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
just had water
which movie you would recommend?
ok do it
thanks yaa
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 07:00 am { reminder_list: 699198, user_id: 1942643, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
how elimination takes place
will let u know in future
abhi ka score
thanks vipul for remind me
reminder cancel
how many days it will take
at what tym the match will be started
jzt forward me ipl _numeral_ match time table
i gave u deatail
can mi qualify for playoffs
eny lyf service center in new twon
what are there individual scores
can i get telegu movie nearer to gajuwaka
any mall or shopping center near
call infinity tomorrow at 11.30am
Check in time ?
can u please please arrange chocolate gift delivery today at the address below
i have _numeral_ ipl tickets of sunday match between rcb n dd
Please set an alarm to wake me up @ 08:30 am today for breakfast
sry memm.
give me the fare details
please tell me remaining matches with of ipl
Its a malayalam movie
i am at middle of srikalahasti and tirupati
continue giving update
machanic
what is the current rr of rcb
cool
hi... mam ,why u always do night shifts..??
Cancel my remainder for tommorow
k what about movie
Can I know the timing of my train
why where you sorry??
can i know my cashback trip eligible
Woke up already
first eliminate match
sure sir..but sorry for disturbance..
_date_ india australia ka match kis stadium m hai
u know this week best movie
rcb vs hyderabad
reminder to do
then what's going on
ho won
i want to pay my cab payment through ola money
aaj koi offer hai kya
okay just check it that if csk will back in ipl _numeral_ the squad will be same
mother india connaught place
Enough of the reminders please..
yrr
so...is this your job?
no...
Oh just booked movie tickets
Chart is prepared?
I need the train timings and seating availability from dindugul to chennai on 16th sunday night boarding
can you update _date_ ipl match
i want u have a reminder of buying green tea @ 7 in the evening....
can i check the fare
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sat, 04 march at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 698586-698587-698588-698589-698590-698591, user_id: 1979364, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
reminder call
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 06:30 am { reminder_list: 688832, user_id: 1732429, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
sunrisers hyderabad is on
they may chase the target
i will contact you for my next journey
who is captain of mumbai indian
Is there any rajdhani for this route
veg restaurants in nariman point
why i didn't get refferal
recharge plan
i need frnd
lloyd service center
i need the contact details of all the lawn of prime location of varanasi, specially sigra area.
I did not get reminder for watwr
yeah..i cancelled my earlier for which there was a message from goibibo that i will get a refund of rs.1477
pl get me update
And model
done 😊
can u tell me where i can get sofa seats theatre near myocation?
when my cashback will expire
can you tell score every _numeral_ mins
good morning shruthi.. iam sick.. just wokeup
okay thnks
4.45 pm Hyderabad Exp from Chennai. Today
Tomarrow i want to go to nasirabad at morng...  Plz tell me the time of intercity train from bhilwara to masirabaad
remind me to take mobile holder to office tomorrow
the coupon code provided to me doesn't work
what was the score buddy
can i give feedback now?
parcel services
i'm hungry
any offers on booking flight
Near me
Find out nearby HDFC bank
Hyderabad  best cab
can uh place n order in dominos
sabarmati xpr
virar nandakhal show me
will tell u..
trains from..   kuppam to banglore
Thankyou but could you just send a message instead of a call
bro what s the score
Please set a alarm
32
hai saumya good morning
Mumbai to kochin
how many times offer is valid??
Is there any train available LTT to khargapore
Which new movie is released today
need help regarding payment of bills
Train list departing from davanagere to mysore today
kattupakkam
how are u doing
they are so costly show me the cheaper ones
electricity bill
"		i would like to view more reminders. { user_id: 1869426, offset: 5, api_name: exotel }"
remind me to call *uday ved* at 1.26 pm on 3rd march 2017
katihar to bijaybara
you guys dint remind me at 2 pm
please get me the live update
i want find out my lost phn no. is 09300210031 plz find this no. name nd location
how to pay mobile bill
i would like to cancel my wake up call for thu, 02 march at 06:00 am { reminder_list: 677428, user_id: 1801793, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
please send ipl schedule
Find me hotels in Pondicherry.
train for ujjain from mandsaur
imagiccicka
Please send me payment link for the 2 tickets left over
sorry pick up location is wrong
tell me how i delete my this account
Hey, i want to know train timing and ticket price from Dharwad to Delhi
i don't want wallet balance
set reminder to call chandrakant at 7.45 pm today
nearest location chembur or ghatkopar were is playing
hi might need an electrician at my house
11tg
wat say do you think rps will loose the match
what is the metro fare from d n nagar to ghatkopar
hey sexy
hi i need reminder
Set that fast
why u people not feeding destination
Yeah i wanna activate dnd on my number
bahot buri tarah se har gayi yaar ye to
40/1/7, katraj ambegaon khurd road
helo anjali pls help me with the near iob atm to place where i stay
hi good afternoon
hey i want help
fresh score dear
can i get a bake
do n t send again
runrate
can you clarify??
panjim *
but still i am getting msg from bses
I booked Bus ticket from paytm
Restaurant Name: Dominos
let me know the list of telugu movies playing now
sorry right now i don't have id proof
May i know when krishna train will arrive in kahzipet junction railway station
yeah can u check the reasonable price for mumbai in may month
what is today's weather at my location
is there any best offer in ola
yee
Suggest telugu movies in Hyderabad
camando 2
tommorrow my meeting with sourabh sharma
Axis Bank deposit machine
Book ticket
ओके।
hyd to ahmedabad
when was the next match of bangalore
kkr loose
Hi Pooja, I'm looking for a cheap single room from Wednesday to Sunday in Hyderabad (in or near Jubilee Hills). I also need a one way ticket there on Wednesday, and I'll be carrying luggage with me. Could you help?
you have just informed me that i would be getting confirmation
tell me about  the fare?
i know at patna bihar mobile exchange offer
Chinese & indian
cancelled
14454 no. Train kab tk panipat platform pahuchegi ?
no thank a ton
thanks...il let u know
"remind me on 12th march to call	accounts"
tell me how to go by train
hi shilpa
my movie not listed,,
delhi mein alwar rajasthan ke liye bus kha se milti hai
Hey tell me about latest movies excluded pink..
apple services centre
no,thanks :)
sorry allahabad to ujjain
big setup
_date_ i which match
Hi.. which is the best movie to watch among all the recent ones.
good day to you
i had withdrawn cash from atm
need carpenter
thanks for d reminder shilpa
I want to go Damanjodi from Bhubaneswar
hi can i get the private retailer details who can repair the moto g4 plus rear housing other than authorized dealers
please do web check in for me
who may win ipl
something new
what abt _date_ s match
akash dont send always this shitty messages to me
i need offers
semifinal schedule
also send me the detailed scorecard of this match
is ipl starts from _date_
yaa 3rd of march. airtel dish tv recharge
Will you call me ?
ap
what about icici atm?
With whom will you book the appointment??
i wanted to know where this rendezvous place is
can u please tell me the fare from agra to jalandhar by bus and by train
Distance and fair for chandigarh to culcutta by air
what is status i haven't rec'd any call ?
Hey, can you find me the nearest bar, pubs and discos
Can u kindly tell me wat is d fare from my current location to tinsukia in public transport
82562 79949
i want updated points table
please keep me updates
yeap
bank of india atm
england can make it
ndls to amethi
Today evening flight to mumbai from ahmedabad
jolly llb 2 in city gold satellite
Near infocity saurastra kathiyavadi restaurant hai
can you snooze this task for 2 hours ?
this would be for two?
chintadripet
where is ipl finals held
hey samiksha
how to check my jio data balance?
Air India.....Mumbai to Thailand fare
score for rps batsmen
doodh roti raza abbas
pls send once more now
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 07:00 am { reminder_list: 689095, user_id: 1978651, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
late abdate
Is there any reliance outlets near by?
need to check urgent flight for varanasi please let me know the fair
please tell me what about my rest amount
can u suggest cctv camera dealers in hyderabad
🥇
am i eligible for cash back coupon code?
great. thanks.
Bus finish
hiii sir
Flight 306 from Goa to delhi
i want 3 alarms for 3rd.  6:45, 7:00 and 7:30am
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 09:01 am { reminder_list: 644494, user_id: 1966280, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
but it is not valid na
Book cab for me
now who is bear the purple cap n nlist of purple cap ipl _numeral_
do i have cash back offer
hi sagar
u r not checking properly
noo.u taken ddifferently.. i need 11 to 11 reminders fr half hour
i want to eat egg
story in short
emman
delhi 2 amritsar
Need Hitachi AC service for 2 AC 's. One is of 1.5.ton and another 1 ton. Also need to repair both remotes of AC.
What about catching bus 53B?
am traveling right now
tnx
i want to book flight tickets to amritsar
Is my device should be connected to internet for remainder
1.00 pm
Pnr status of my ticket please
dont worry about it
ab score kya hai
how many matches are there in nagpur
wana book
Can you tell me trains from varanasi to Lucknow for 15sept
on what date is the above offer expiring?
it's that emergency exit
which team is going to play ipl final
1 adult
can u send me the flight ticket which was booked for tomorrow s travel
_date_ is the finals
haha
sorry that was a wrong number
any other offers??
apko bhi
how much glass of water should i drink during every one hour
presently running films
i'm asking for suppose only.,.
recharge kar liya
standings now
Give me a reminder call to collect police papers from vadhivara
JAI SHREE KRISHNA KA REMINDER KYIN NAHI AAYA AAJ MERE KO RENUKA ??
yes todays match
I would like to have pizza
shukriya thanku !
hi jay can u meet me harsha
Can i have the contact numbers of tours and travels near my location to srikalahasthi
no dear reshma thank you so much god bless you stay blessed eat well n sleep on time
any book my show offers??
i sent it to you earlier
and in _numeral_ matches how did rohit sharma do
i want to book a cake
can u plz suggest any playskul in vaishali jaipur
how many sixes kohli has hit in all ipl till now
_date_ kiski match he aur timing kya he
Can u book me a train
if i did not received the call call me again  at 6 am
can i pay through freecharge wallet balance
55 recharge kiya kyu
it's k
any movie discounts
genius
recent movies
"		i would like to cancel my meeting reminder reminder for fri, 03 march at 11:00 am { reminder_list: 687637, user_id: 1976643, task_name: meet_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can you remind me by 10 30
sorry every ball
can yoy send me ipl _numeral_ scheduled
hi,
i want _numeral_ tickets for april _numeral_
would you pls let me knw that if the tickets are not confirmed then how the fund will be refunded
from tumkur to bangalore.
m i right
tamil movie
hotel k baare mai baata sakte hai kiya aap
what about apache high street
Hey can u cal me after 5 min.. because I have some work..
any anothers
Set me some reminders please
hi what s the score
dhanyawad
i am not getting reminder as a notification
iwant activa in goa
who has the first batting
please help me.
sure, thanks much
the rates are high won't i get first time coupon code
please tell me the semifinal dates
i have a flight to catch
Can you just remind me that I have to do inorganic chemistry at 9 pm today.
thank u pooja
hi hardik
here's location
please stop updating me i m watching it on hotstar
75 is on each ride
i'll update it later :)
bro near my location
same too you
i want to know ironwala near to me
Activate DND call
who was mam of match
book the train ticket as discussed
12824
Please remind me for henkel
thank u akshay
to call ganesh mama
i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 11058{product_id:11058_kkde_mtj,api_name:trains_api}
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 691515, user_id: 1977283, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
which flight is available for delhi to to kolkata
are you the same hasan handling reminders?
i need all rcb matches venues
sorry please
Show me that
Review about pink movie
Fried rice and chilli chiken
u there?
of any bank
My flight tickets price
pls share the ratings of recent movies
can you wake me up at 6:30am today?
continue the reminder
meetha meetha bol ke bhot dil ko loot lia
Actually i want the reminder for every sunday
best electricity bill payment is showing error
yes i do
Krishna Lunch Home
i don't. have train number
so punjab lost
ctedit
can i get this
sory mam i cancel it
i need a cheap and best one way cab with capacity 4 members
i want to know about electronics
i am not sure about destination
keep giving me updates of this match every _numeral_ mins
i wana know about the nearest state bank atm
there's no option for jio
Is there any Pizza hut in goregaon?
update scores per over when match start
"		i would like to cancel my `wish soni happy birthday!` reminder for tue, 06 february at 10:00 am { reminder_list: 659272, user_id: 1968352, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
what if i use abusive language?
can you tell me tomorrow sunrise time?
To book flight
hi shruti can u search me some one who can reinstall my set up video camera wires which were set apart whilst getting my home painted
any chances for us to qualify in semi
ticket rate
cool..
Book a cab
"can u please call and notify for water?	its not possible for me have an internet connection 24*7"
i am so sorry deepti mai aapse personal baat karne laga sorry
Cheapest 3G internet recharge for airtel
do it ok
Find me train from saharanpur to ghaziabad today
Plz tell who can deliver to my address
"		i want to know availability and fare in ac chair car (cc) in train number 17642{product_id:17642_ak_whm,api_name:trains_api}"
Food delivery nearby ?
wait
any offer on recharges
already set right
not for now
hey, can you find me the nearest hospital?
remind me to complete my project.
kuttram 23 on fri, 3 mar, 2017 10:00pm , at pvr: ampa, chennai (audi 04), seats: classic-n1,n2.
monica gd eve
arey
bangalore to goa how much cost
can i know the performing player of the gujarat lions team and delhi daredevils
s neka
wich player scored _numeral_ bol _numeral_
nearest chemist
tell me an de villiers score and match score
want biryani from arsalan
Medium
who ll win this match
u can't do that also
honda bike showroom at goregaon
dear team
i didnt get the offer
of course for intertenig
do we have the one on one offer on dominos?
india next match is when and who s with
set reminder fr today 4:45pm
dhaka bangladesh
live scores for each _numeral_ overs
send me updates of main events during match
these 3
so which route?
goa jaane ka package chahiye ?
bhai mujhe jio ka 99 wala subactiption krani hai
Hi i would like to know whether i can port my current mobile number to reliance Jio network from Vodafone
language class?
my complaint resolution pleass
remind me tll
thanks anjli
i need assistance with this only
Petrol Station
PNR STATUS 4323430894
can check now
pls tell all
how we get free ride cupan
pls tell me the next train from bangalore to mandya
on bill payment
Idea store near my location
okz thanks
i need yuvraj singh inind detail ball by ball in _date_ match
any offer on train reservation?
Please remove my wake up alarm
time of bijwasan to rewari junction
ohh
have you recharge jio prime
remind me to bring if file every thursday at 8:00 pm
I will like to order from urban tadka please help me with the menu
what s ur prediction
Offers in mulund west barbique nation
How can u help me with meeting reminders
sakshi जी अभी कोई रीचार्ज नहीं करना है
oj
Can u book me tatkal tickets for bengaluru
i want reminder for to do list
Photo studio near by
u want in defense quota
Chocolate cake
thank you for your reply
i will come back later.. thanks
Is tatkal booking possible with haptik?
according to your opinion whih teams make into quarterfinals
sometime which is open all night ?
wrong point table
Lenevo service center
that will be all
do they sell tickets inside stadium
who are playing at _time_ _date_
haptik ki seva pune me hai kya
yes馃槃
movies in karimnagar
check seat available
i need a libraries were i can study
any other restraunts for birthday treat for 7 members
cancel my table reservation plz
what i kept reminder today
can i get tickets of _date_
arre score kb pucha deepika ji
,yes
remind me for take the cake out at 11:55 pm today
_date_ updates cricket score
oo yes match kis kiska h _date_
Pls provide package to GOA
just remind me on 2nd april that i need to meet anish on 3rd and 4rh april
any new movie released today????
13th november
Plz find no. for Travels
यार भिखारी थोड़ी हूँ जो ऐसे होटल बता रहा है
yes please give update
who won the _date_ eliminator match
superb target
"tell me the shows running in cinepolis after 8pm.	acropolis mall kolkata"
nearest kbl bank
ok i am not interested
good morning manal
i am looking for tamil movies
hii pranay
tickets can you arrange
prefer metropolis
Find me the cheapest flight ticket for Kerala on 28th Nov
i want ipl updates
Resort
Nearby courier service
agrafort to ahemdabad
no i need one on 31st march or 1st april
don't send me reminders to drink water
all teams data
no just this
sir,is there any train from tmkr to bnglr in the morning. ?
thanks for your information
Bus number from majestic to itpl
can you please tell me where is sbh atm nearest to me
kyu komal kya hua..aaj itne jldi good night
I want the cheapest rate of bus fron delhi to mcleodganj
i need to order biryani
bus details
can u plz tell me about any general physican near to me
points table and score card
check for uber go availability for now
hi how should i de activate thiz reminder
no leave it
When my order ces
all the ipl team in charges really helped me than you so much suniti ma am and akash sir
Bengali food
add a new personal to-do
Please stop these reminder
who ll win this tittle
milan shaadi card
the ring is a hollywood movie
there is no seat in sleepwr class
For cabs
can you tell me about chances of indian women cricket team to qualify for semi final
no he didn't
where is ankita?
what do you think about srk
oho it can be tough for india though i ve faith in virat
hey tell me some trivia about the indian premier
but not yet
I need to go to Kasarkode on 16 th night by train from Bangalore .
so i need to do recharge of rs 303 per month?
Train number 15014
train tickets 3 rd tier
Call me...on my Number
i need tickets for srh _date_
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 27 march at 09:52 pm { reminder_list: 695197, user_id: 1689770, task_name: wakeup, offset: 5, api_name: exotel }"
cancell it
need a help
the upside time
hi sharon.
Can u remind me on Oct 2 @ 7 am about snapdeal diwali sale
please stop the alert
cancel remind drink water...
I need to know that what will be the cost if I travel from Janakpuri to Pitampura via ola cab
i need to go at electrician shop on this reminder.
ahemdamad to srinagar
from 9 am to 12 pm
nithanj y
keep it on
delhi ncr
booke
remind me for wifi recharged
don't forget
running status of 12482
lowest price prefered
repeat both task at 2.00 pm today
regarding my train tickets booking
Can you suggest me a suitable way to the trip to Ujjain,MP.
is there any other laptop service points ??
unable to set wake up call, seems not user friendly
i did not say u to call
Reminder required on 14th of every month at 12.02 am for anniversary
no my earlier one
is there any punjabi movoe now at cinemas
to mumbai
tell me again score
Trains from bsp to rjn
good night 😴😴
thank you very mch
gym
Cancel all alarms pls
i will ask next time if i need any
i want u to add one more service in ur app...just a suggestion...
hyd to mumbai
cooking classes
hi, can you help me make a restaurant reservation?{task}
helo daniel
any offers on mobile bill payments?
expected to reach allahabad by 11:20?? or 7:20 pm???
Can you hold a reservation for me?
Domino's Pizza - Fri-Sat-Sun Offer: Get flat 25% off on orders above Rs. 400. Use the coupon code to avail of this offer. Offer valid only on online orders. This offer is valid only on Saturday and Sunday.  Hurry! Make the most of this amazing offer. Coupon Code: OLO25
nishant check cheapest flights
please give regular call until i pick in morning
offers in karnataka
i want check seat aviality
i want cash back offer also
what about offers??
s sehwag playing in ipl
sagar you did a splendid job man this is ola people who are bullshit
alarm
can you provide me with the list of ambrane service centre in bangalore
how old are you
Order online cakes in guntur
12256 train status
can you help me with the points table
i just want to know the rate for flights from delhi to bangalore
cn u plss help me out wid the rates of garibrath
i want hotel booking in treebo shar pavolian
how kolkata reach playoff
no pls set
Any recharge offers for idea mobile
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 06:51 am { reminder_list: 705440, user_id: 1981919, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Show docomo plans in 50 rupees
but no wake up call was given
so pls cancell.this
mere ass pass koi hotel hai 5 star
recharge not done
when will the play start
i need restaurant
it has shown here if u recharge for ₹150 u get fulltalk time
reply to mail
can you inform me where my order is
"		i would like to view more reminders. { user_id: 1912234, offset: 5, api_name: exotel }"
service is not done
Current running status of Haridwar-Howrah Kumbha Express
how can i purchase local tickets online
And the tickets rate please
Is the reminder set
Call me tom 12 pm
I want the train departure time
anjai is my issue solvwd
one is adult
then why should i use this app
please send the which delhi match
ok i want jism
any recharge offers?
I need package for Kolkata to Nepal  2nights 3days
amazing virat kohli
who is batting at present
the match scheduled on _date_
Coimbatore express detils 11013 yesterday
Kalka to shimla general ticket ?
its booked
hyyyy
hey can you share the match schedules with me for _date_
say hi to team haptik on my behalf. ..goodnight
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 708462, user_id: 1958424, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
is there any recharge offeres
who are in hyderabad team
vipul you are my favorite assistant becuase rest are not answering my query.
can i get information about the next matches that about to come
its okay for points table
Plan a holiday trip for 2 to Singapore and Malaysia for 6nights and 7 days
hey, can you cancel the wake up call{task}
missed csk action this year
live score bata abhi bataa
i would also like details about the biffes
Inox Darjeeling movie timming pls
resturnt
i want to create a new reminder
Can you give the show timings in Gopalan signature mall for tomorrow...?
Find other hotel
how chris gayle played
can i have ipl schedule
can you send again please
we are 10 people wants to travel to amritsar
set alarm in my phone
is cancel
i want 3 alarms for 2nd.  6:45, 7:00 and 7:30am
you can find me the nearest aircel office
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sat, 04 march at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 705078-705079-705080-705081-705082-705083-705084-705085-705086-705087-705088-705089-705090-705091-705092-705093-705094-705095-705096-705097, user_id: 1943245, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
and congrats we won the match
wake me up at 6 in the morning today,  thanks.
where can i get live corals in pune?
I need to book a room in a hotel in kowdiar, trivandrum, kerala. Can you suggest any hotels in that locality?
1330.00 to kolkata or chennai from kochi
chal htt
And same date at 7am
what answers are you giving me
new delji
is it possible dd to win
how to go mulund gidvani college
What if I have no internet connection.will I get the reminder?
seat reservation
Remind me when majnu tickets opend in AGS hall NAVALLUR CHENNAI
"please proceed with below flights -	onward flight - rs.8335	goair (g8-532)	ahmedabad to kolkata	departure: 06:25 am (10 mar)	arrival: 09:10 am (10 mar)		goair (g8-532)	kolkata to guwahati	departure: 09:40 am (10 mar)	arrival: 11:00 am (10 mar)	 {product_id:35496f0075fbee35138f11a0fcef4ab78c5c9a785b0d66a07b94bb14378674b4be61835ecb1e1b9158ee0a17504379468dd46cfff0d0a6a7e8e6fbb1943ef6db, api_name:goibibo_api, type:onward_flight, others:onward flight - rs.8335 goair (g8-532) ahmedabad to kolkata departure 0625 am (10 mar) arrival 0910 am (10 mar)  goair (g8-532) kolkata to guwahati departure 0940 am (10 mar) arrival 1100 am (10 mar) }"
1 child
i inquired passport not post
wen i.click buy now
no class
could you tell me any flights out of goa to hyderabad on saturday evening/night?
no thanks ankita
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 693799, user_id: 1980027, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i bzy ttyl
can i use wallet amount
do it fast
hye!
Train from manmad station to nashik road
nah not yet confirmed
bro which is best screenshot app
who are batting m
I am searching bus
every hour every day
no i'm talking about the 2nd last
hill station near hyderabad
when it will arrive at new delhi
whr is the score is tht a kinda service you r providing
is my recharge confirmed
india vs west india
mmm any upcoming releases today (friday)
i want to go asapura maa mandir kuchh
hey thanks for all the reminders
I hv a flight tmrw from ranchi to mum
Holiday
i am not able to recharge rs.99
my bal from hptik has been deducted
Distance to Esselworld Mumbai from my location
i need the updated points table
used bikes
pnr 6765045504
ki
Hi i need to book flight
broadband and phone bill
Can u please delete this water reminder now
show me price of hotel classic resdancy pinjore near railway crossing
ok thanks a lot sakshi
Can you order chocolates?
for new or old user
ntng
please cancel all drink water reminders
i'm traveling from guwahati to new delhi
Kindly book us two tickets to thrishur ones tatkal booking opens. For tomorrow from bangalore
khatha no. 69/3 akash block salarpuria gr tech park whitefield bengaluru 560066
last bicket
hi, i'm interested in watching jolly llb 2. {movie_name:jolly llb 2}{task}
gm
surya nagri exp okha jayegi kya
t ns c
Hey i need the map route of N4 beach
12/30/1899
union bank atm
I want bus timings of BELLARY to BELGAUM on 11th September
can you find me good salons or parlours near my place
extrieves technologies koramangala
okay take urtime
hii shuruti
can u tell me the price for booking from akurdi to kolhapur
subway
wat abt my tdr status
please dont call me at 5 am
ya i did
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for everyday at 08:00 am { reminder_list: 698987, user_id: 1977991, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
bank account or somewhere else
Pet friendly hotels with swimming pool in Bangalore
hyderabad to delhi
How to go lalbaug from belapur station
can you please let me know the score
May I recharge my phone from here
what is pincode no in kangna niketan vikas puri delhi
how share
good morning to you
hey i would like to know the prices for flights from mumbai to delhi on 1st april and trains from delhi to dehradun for the same date.
let me know the route map how to go every place and the veichel
Do I need to keep my WiFi on to get the reminders?
surat to mumbai
hey set my water reminder
Europe trip
plz wait
please update the price
nakshtra mall show timing
Tell me the movie in hall
discounts?
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 01:00 am { reminder_list: 714620, user_id: 1984172, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
exact location hai na yee
I got d bus in less price
raina team ku epa match
Remind me to pay phone bills on every 23rd
i cancelled the ticket.
baby
Hibremind of Shimla booking on sunday
thank u so much
long send me
can i get something vegetarian food?
And the schedules of trains to delhi
He did but something went wrong in the installation and the geyser isn't working now. He said that we need to call the services to get it looked at
hi sayali who won the last match _date_
Please set reminder for tomorrow 8am
can u wake me up
nsjndndj
i wanted to pay airtel postpaid bill
Muje airtel 4g ka customer care number chahiye
imax wadala today's movies
Can i suggest tour pack of sikkim for 2days
can you create a follow-up and remaind me when the tatkal quota releses
can you give me offers from anyone else
Sbi bank nearest
i need _numeral_ tickets for todays match
salem city.... cherry road nearest lodges pl
wake me up on time
i cant fill them
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 420088, user_id: 1895364, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
when i add money in walet i will get benifit of 75
i will send later ya
I want go to Leh.... accommodation in Nubra valley 12 Oct
Dont wake me up tmrw
seatlayout
hello sagar, what can i do for you?
no convience fee is charged?
yah sure please send me ipl updates
i want netcafe near by
looking to book a room at great eastern kolkata
where is train this time 14164 sangam express and what time reach allahabad today
"31 march   		morning 2 am"
april mid
deposit car premium on 15th march at 11am
remind me at 9:55 am for tatkal ticket booking by call
How to reach vellore from chennai
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sat, 04 march at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 705318-705319-705320-705321-705322-705323-705324-705325-705326-705327, user_id: 1971535, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
food offers
Can I book cabs
live match nmumbai v gujrat
please update every over
pnr 8654774880
could you find me tickets for the semi finals in mumbai
Show time
Show timing of banjo..  in Sarb multiplex jalandhar (punjab)
is there any offers on pizza hut
Find a coupon for postpaid mobile bill payment
Find me a train from Indore to bhopal on 15 September 2016
any english  action movie
will i get the cash back if i choose ubergo for 96rs??
Check available seats in train no 12958
i m in mumbai
we will win the world cup
want to have biryani
bus from hyderabad to adilabad
i need some advice
he had scheduled it for 4pm
I would like to know my flight is from terminal 1 or 2
boss my link expired
cal me fir wake up
want to book show of commando 2 movie
andhra bank
how much for nungambakm to sriperumbdur
11/7/2017
find the shops in nearby places also like pitampura rohini ashok vihar
can you snd me schedule of ipl
some other plz
is there any cash back on recharge
It's okay. I got the Mrng bus in KSRTC Thku
the slots must be full by now
I need a broadband connection
give me the score of bangladesh
is this the first time pakistan scored above _numeral_ in international t _numeral_
nirash kr diya
i am at panipat now
i have shared my profile with haptic
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 pm to 11:00 pm. { reminder_list: 570955, user_id: 1939792, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
what to do
Then baggage allowance for student in both the flight
okay who is the best scorer
coupons will also added on my account right?
in virar
no thanx only jio
current run rate
*shakshi
hi , i was having a coupon
after every wicket please
Joey's pizza
Call tanmay
what should i do if i need to cancel or change my pick up timing
time 4 also 10 pm
pls remind me to drink water every hour every day
every*
yet to get cashback
who will be win in this ipl _numeral_
give me updated score evry _time_
Heyy can you tell me from where can i order a good salad? Or a salad on discount?
Can u tell me the time of train from hisar. To tohana
Check in escape please
maidam abhi to holi ka offer hai flights ka
i haven't got my first ride cash back.
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 691373, user_id: 1819129, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
dipeeka please can you give me the time table for ipl
can you plz get me a honda service center with timings and contact number nearby
i need restaurant at somajiguda
it's too cost
Hello. Please order 3 chicken popcorn large from kfc. Address is same
i want recharge
tq meenakshi....and please no sorry's for me...u don't deserve to say that...u are doing a great job...
wake up alarm at 8am
i need it on 11
how many matches were there _date_
could you give me a reminder of the match
when is the second innings gon na start
Train available seats for 2 persons from bhopal to delhi date 25 sept
ice cream?
ok waiting jee
14682 late to ni h
i want to cabs
at 10
ya it's good
fast pls
sabari
man this is again for 3rd
which team is the leading in scoring sixes this ipl
how can i stop my remind er
Cheapest way to reach from MM university, Mullana to Ambala Cantt?
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 07:00 am { reminder_list: 666431, user_id: 1908871, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can u give me a best place restraunt in kanjurmarg
set reminder for 11.59am
book now
idbi
Tell me about good travel package domestic for the month of November
now playing on d groung
that cash will be in this app volt right?
Resort in arnala
Is thr any KFC near by me ?
any flat near karol bagh metro station ?
wo did not tell me for book ticket then cant even think that i will booked ticket flr them
okay thanks yash
no preference
is the web check-in possible for this flight?
at 9
near santacruz east
Find me some good restaurants in jalandhar
give ipl point table
no haptik ,u😂
uber offer Kochi
Remind me on 12:10pm for coching
chocolate cake
Tell me trains between delhi and alwar
in last _numeral_ matches how many runs virat kohli has scored
"no i am going out side with my family 	wanna book a car"
no help
for lunch
thamk you
i want to cancel my all wake up reminders
can  you check for aquaguard service center nearby me?
is the train 250 offer still valid for me
Can i book a cab
i will tell that later
ail b travelling n surely need ur updates
what r the charges
will ping you once frer
offers of haptik for prepaid recharge?
tommorrow by 1  pm
Not a general reminder.  I want to be reminded to recharge the phone
Can you check for flights from delhi to bangalore
i will have luggage
whoes gon na win ipl _numeral_
thanks you
ny offers?
What is the distance between new Delhi and meerut
can u provide me mobile no of pet shoper
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 09:53 am { reminder_list: 718425, user_id: 1984701, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Could you check for hotels in Mumbai for 17th sep
in whichever reservation is available
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 04:00 am { reminder_list: 686730, user_id: 1974875, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Hey can u tell me 5 star hotels at shirdi .. Tell me 3 five star hotels at shirdi
9754010242
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sun, 05 march at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 714595-714596-714597-714598-714599-714600, user_id: 1984140, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
I am planning a weekend trip in nov end with my spouse for our anniversary. Please suggest good packages for places near delhi that are also within my budget.
players
❤️
please show me trains from mxn to pnbe for sleeper (sl) on 02-03-2017.
thanks i book later because of money problem
ok thanku so much sir
who has orange cap till now
book a ticket for raj tharun movie
ekm to pattambi
Chart prepared
am trying to order veg fried rice in adigas or a2b
blr to mumbai
What is the dstnc between hassan and Bangalore
can you ask them that will they repair my trio phone
hi i wanna put a reminder as a call
can i get confirmation ticket or not
ohhhh. thanks
which team has the chance to qualify for this ipl
can you get me the runs scored by the batsmen of the players of the last match gl vs rcb
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 06:00 am { reminder_list: 715492, user_id: 990156, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
wts the price
score pl zz
Unlimited 2g in Aircel
dont forget please
have you removed the meal part
no thanks it was sent by mistake
is week ki movies batao
check tickets from chennai to melbourne
call me in 30 minutes
Lenovo store nearby
abu dhabi
this would be a refundable ticket
actually it's a printer
please do n t msg i am watching ipl on tv
from pune to jaipur rj
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 06:00 am { reminder_list: 687062, user_id: 1973296, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
current updated score please
MEAT MASALA,MASALAAS AND ODONIL
i already did book it harsha
how are you madam meenakshi
wake up at 8:15 pm
2 hour
i may to usa
Adjust this reminder after every 2 hours
can i make jio payment?
yes please let me know
i will get back to you
then share
ankita baby
can you remind me on 12th march
can you hold this booking?
iwant cancel train ticket
hospital
i have changed mode of payment
👍👍
can you help me with flights
im not get  online ticket if you go directly purchase how much
may i know what the score
can you help me by hotels near me
how about trains
is there any spa nearby
cg square
tell me my many was didect from my account
you have any bike insurenc
Please cancel the general the reminder.
wr can i get ipl tickets
Acha bank branch
I request my reminder to remind me Bell AmiGo
Tickets price?
give me coupon code
i want share ola
rathnachal express
11am eat breakfast
Birthday cacke
i want check seat availability
which one is best
"please show me one way flights from pune to bangalore 		onward date - 11 march"
there is chance for clear seat
60 min
i will defntly
Near by canara bank e-corner address needed..
deals please
jug falls
hi, i booked a ticket today but didn't got cash back
is there a person on the other side
Which plat form this train no 13202 arrive at ltt
Hey, can you find me the nearest ATM? Andhra bank ATM
need to order some snacks
any match tdy
around 11.45
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 7:00 am to 11:00 pm. { reminder_list: 264065, user_id: 1511858, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 09:00 pm { reminder_list: 713048, user_id: 1983893, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
so you can speak hindi also?
ya sure.
paglu2
no nothing...thanks for your concern.
Can system have alarm
you have any records of thse ipl matches
i will get 75 rs off on my ola ride
"		i want to know availability and fare in ac first class (1a) in train number 16853{product_id:16853_ms_cgl,api_name:trains_api}"
okay !
no needd
i need the hotel on 6march ill check inn at 10 am morning..{task}
will ride later
logan is the movie
Plz off the remainder
what should i do?
cn you tell me about _date_ s match
i want flight within rs 1500
the deal on domino's is better
can u please send me reminder to drink water
can you plan a day or two trip from delhi within the budget of 5k
Check for 50 rupees vegetarian Thali near by
bro schedule please
5105
i need to book ticket for joke samrat
i want to know how to book train tickets from online? i never booked any train tickets before so i don't know
which team has more chances to win _date_
hi  can i give detaila abt tatkal booking today n expect it to happen on time? ?
what the hell still my recharge is not done
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for everyday at 05:00 am { reminder_list: 644785, user_id: 1966364, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
is there any offer
please update me that who won the toss
nothing sorry
Can u tell me best package for goa in dec
but i hv done transact by credit card
can you suggest me??
4297
for port blair
what is this ?
set update over by over
i want deep freezer in ahmednagar..
ok i will let you know later
tickets discounts
Locate me nearest Gionee service center   along with phone number
don't call on my number
Nearest sbi atm
show my to do list
are tickets available for _numeral_ and _numeral_
yaar mujhe ranchi jana hain
show me the upcoming movie list
dish tv customer care number hai kya
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for fri, 03 march at 12:00 pm { reminder_list: 686857, user_id: 1978256, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
code
i want to book a room in hotel
landmark after 12 pm.
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 649992, user_id: 1832178, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
hotal addres
cash payment is not valid na
remind me for wifi recharged
reminder for movie tickets
wt abt d toss
dominos pizza ka nd dena
nthng
Hp tablet service centers in indoor
i will travel by road
10 pam to 6 pm
rcb vs
pizza...dominos...does it deliver in sector 69
thanks gor reminding me
next matches give me the fixture with the dates till final
i want to order from mcdonalds
please update abt match
whoese match is _date_
eiden gardens match
i want you to remind me not to trust assholes time and again
any gujrati food restaurants in rajkot
dr?
i would like to watch gazi attack
can you call me now
kya ye fast time piza firee h
Dominoz
Toy shop
who got max wickets
First one please? 1 ticket sleeper class
for dibrugarh
running status for 12859
its a mixer grinder
do you have any contact details of them
Bob atm
Jaipur to Assam
8356802365
kya hai ye
I want to know about travel packages
Can you check the status ofmy bus that i have already booked
"government polytechnic gandhinagar		nearest mall????"
can you look up for some flight options for me ?
who win in _date_ s match
ma'am ye dr.anu health care centre kidhar hai.
"naresh i have booked my tickets on 5rd sunday at 4.30 pm for the movie kuttram 23 kindly remaind me 2hrs before			yaman on sun, 5 mar, 2017 4:20pm , at ags"
i am waiting for it
i need pizza from pizza hut
hi, can you help with hotel bookings?{task}
_date_ match croe
after 1 min
i'll let you knw
naya bazar shamli up
i didn't get it i have checked
keep me updated with this match
review?
how many overs gone
i want web chek
want a help
cvtps0730h
loved this app
yes , as i have not received any call as yet
thank's again
Bus tickets Shruti?
y u people do like this
Please give a reminder for yoga
hi can you please advise for a good restaurant nearby
i had use this app
only today at 7 pm
M seat didnt confirm
i would like to get the train time of kannur to farooq for today
Can u find if bus booking for 28th october is available
i v already talked with meenakshi, few days back
kodambakkam
थैंक्यू।
and finals
Plz confirm price of flight to banglore from varanasi on friday, indigo 481
is this for ola/uber?
thank you for update nlets they wait for muaka muaka
no problem harsha thanks for your support
ea ipl ka final kab hain
and refer amount of 100 of my first ride
call untill i answer
who is win _date_ ipl
hey ... could you please help me with the booking of the movie logan??
Just remind me that I have to pay my postpaid sim bill and credit card bills
who won between punjab nd gujrat
keep me updated updated about ipl scores
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 05:30 am { reminder_list: 717589, user_id: 1984564, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
assistant*
Pls cancel my all reminders
hay wake up me at 6 am
hi can you help me choices on best chinese restaurants in mumbai for sunday lunch
need lunch
ok done now can we stop this drinking reminder :) thank you
want to bolivia ticket on10 th march from.hyderabad to goa
great news thank you so much n nkkr won
what r u doing great
Set that schedule for daily
can i add reminder name means "call to rambabu it's very important" like that
recharge and bill offer
k . tak u
send me a bike insurance agent
nashik to lokyamantilak km
chances of winning of kkr
house no 568, sector 21a, faridabad 121001
i have a doubt hardik
name me all the players of ipl final of both team
what s the ticket price
can u tell me
your icici net banking link not working
there? ?
wat match on _date_
"		i would like to view more reminders. { user_id: 1980328, offset: 5, api_name: exotel }"
wanted to know what cancellation charges have been applied
tell me fast
on bill payments
ok thanks dear
there is a train from manmad to aurangabad
sure anjali thank u so much
wrong answer
will t be uber?
show me the prize
dat will b great
near tourist places
bye vipul
when will the next match for rps
noo noo money in that atm
gud morning
it's more than 5 days
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for mon, 06 march at 05:00 pm { reminder_list: 725665, user_id: 966813, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i need the ticket of the flight that i booked with amount on it
mom birthday
let's start from beginning
ohh thank you so much
i want body massage spas near aundh area..
now show me any horror me now
that's the fare per person?
with such update scores
ipl all teams picture
not right now. but if i need to i will definitely let u know
can you recharge on jio sim
i need to make credit card payment
ok thank you...it doesn't satisfy my requirement..
who wl win ths match
wil book later
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 17603{product_id:17603_kcg_ypr,api_name:trains_api}"
Please cancel all my reminders and switch on DND mode
nearby restaurants
street number 318 landmark newtown school narkal bagan newtown
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 05:30 am { reminder_list: 687078, user_id: 1090786, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
who all are playing for delhi _date_
any offer?
Please set a reminder for tomorrow 4pm  to call sbi cc
oho i have to book my tkt and u asking me my pnr number
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 686123, user_id: 1978202, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
not in night
Check for tatkal again.
of the train booked with you
need in less price
i need to change the flight
no wake up call
set wake up alarm for me for today at every  5-5minute interval from 11:45 to 12:45
crack a good joke
send me the score card of rcb latest match and summary
Need someone to repair the water dripping form ceiling
ghajiabad
*best mall
i want update score if any possible
sri chaitanya inter colleges
vpt to ms on 28/4/17
no not any you are the best
1:30 for lunch
for every interval
sir csk team kitani bar final jiti hai please tell me
i want out station cabs
Can you find cheapest round trip flight from jaipur - honngkong in November
ride cancelled?
Travel
Pls suggest some shows in kolkata
aur kon jyada jita h
yes find airtel payment bank around coimbatore
n will they deliver to me
i had booked a flight but thr name is incorrect
madam aap mujhe new delhi to bombay ke liye air ticket ke bare mei bata dijiye
before i proceed i want to know any cashback on booking?
yaa plz
Sir can you book hotel kek accomodition
how many times ring
who are the orange cap contender
suggest me a nearest swimming pool
Can you please help for a trip to alibaug for 3days and 2 nights with budget hotels
Please call me twice
I need the show timings for Pink at miraj dattani
but some thing more
yuppp 100 %
stop watar reminder for today
hi! i want to book a cab right now :)
Nearest hp service center from ramapuram
do you think lions will win _date_
rohit sharma score
i will let u know..
can u please help me
i have not received above recharge balance till now
delete them fron the system
bsnl landline
Can you have cab booking for me
pls dont remind me now onwards
so will india reach thee finals
"hi mahesh,	santosh kekan on urbanclap has requested a payment of rs. 300 for electrician service.	your insurance coverage amount is 3000.	click https://www.urbanclap.com/provider_response/58bbd3979d35eedd4cfb6e87?isbooking=true to pay.	in case of any discrepancy, please call us on 18004190020	thank you"
bye don't reply gotta some work to do
thank you siddharth
wedding anniversary
i want to see my reminders
pick up & drop including ?
how go to sakinaka from here
tomorrow at 10.30am
wake me at 8 am
can you please share full scorecard
what is the score card of rcb
can you send me delhi s squad
I really don't think so I'll wake up for a single call so snooze it for every 5 min
Hi, I am interested in Exotic Goa -  3Nights / 4 Days package. Please tell me more about it. {product_id:836, product_name:Exotic Goa -  3Nights / 4 Days, api_id:8, api_name:travel} {carousel_cta}
bsnl landline bill paytm freecharge online bill cash back offer
Hi is there any cheap flight for this month
bro jst tell me the nxt match of south africa
keep sharing me live updates
but _date_ s match result is not updated in the table
yes of mi vs rcb on _date_ april
so what is the score now
5 night 6 days
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 537743, user_id: 1931688, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
I need to order pizza
like where rcb stands admist other teams
may i know total scores
mg road
17413
which team is looking better in ipl _numeral_
best ambur biriyani near my location
at 10 pm daily
i want to travel on 10march at 9:30 pm,to utter pradesh.
and also its atm
in amnora  mall
please show me trains from r to kur for sleeper (sl) on 12-03-2017.
please provide me ipl update
i have not yet decided on next journey. i want to know if it is possible
both are not working
i want to pay tata docomo landline bill
I am looking for a bus from lakhanpur to chandigarh
Book me a train ticket please
could you please tell me keya charges?? couple and stag??
pls close my water reminder
please show me trains from sdah to jpe for ac 3 tier (3a) on 03-03-2017.
my mobil number not update
Morning 7
How far is the nearest Taj hotel?
virar kohli i meant
saxena guitar classes
Go air?
what is now match schedule for balance matches of ipl
ipl match ticket book
no option to pay in haptik app
can you tell me which is a better place to visit, is it santos or guaruja
Can u book a train ticket for me
aus - nz please score
who won the match _date_ in ipl
tmrw
point tabls
score madam
Mc bc
Buffet timing of lunch   in leo fort hotel jalandhar.(punjab)
instead of chicken they have given egg curry
your list didn't have other appliances
can you find nearby hotel near my locations below 1500
Avni mall
mumbai airport
cub to hyd
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 07:23 pm { reminder_list: 706160, user_id: 1982051, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want to travle whole world
onnce in 2 hrs
tell me nearby places to visit for birthday celebration
I'm looking for a good pub like dance bars in mangalore
Rs200 combo pizza
scoee
have i used up my all 3 rides
playboy cafe
i don't want to cancel
send me jio plan details
send me the history for 3 cashback of 75/- for cab rides??
which movie in shoprix mall
no. thanks
U call me
irfan pethan kis team ke player hai
Menu of wednesday meal in kfc
c2
We wanna go shimla from Chandigarh
i would like to take a train
poor score
wassup sweety
did you order coke without ice ??
oh tq pranay
set a reminder
oops sorry
i want theatres near by
venu pune
Kindly stop reminders
say score
late night
let it be.
see you
thanq shruti...
yes mem but
is there any intercity
n punjab have won anyone of till now
not this pnr
keep updating me the score
i want details of fair rate of water kingdoms resort
i wanna know bout some pg rooms for girls in janjgir..
I want a remainder for doing drawing and handwriting on 3october 5pm
who bought delhi
date 26 april
which is the best bank in private sector near palarivattom kochi
Shree i missed my flight
I want to go laknow
today i mean 4 march
Any train on Saturday from bhilwara to jaipur
any help with respect to destinations?
make a reminder with the title of lic
my cashback on last ride
um
yes every day
not travelling now
please send schedule
i want sbh atm
not right now. may be later. thanks
answer my question -_-
can u give me mail id & ph no of some tutorial in kolkata who provides hometutors where i may registered as a math tutor
track this send me status plz
Can I know if there is a flight to Raipur on 28th morning before 3am
sounds good.
I want to order breakfast from mcdonalds
trains or flights
hi can u plz give me your no
still nothing
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 12558{product_id:12558_anvt_bmki,api_name:trains_api}"
ok thanku
who won the toos
Any axis bank atm
can you also tell me the possibilities of playoffs from the _numeral_ six team which still has chances to make into it
Yeah and call reminder for tomorrow afternoon
Hey stop calling me in the morning at 7:45 from now
or evening
hyderabad
How to stop my reminder
Can you please schedule me another reminder
i do n t follow ipl
is there any possibility for gujarat lions to win
send me chef pandas menu again
and srh
that is all. how will i be reminded ?
that will be sufficient
is there any coupons or cashback on electricity bill?
from here to vikhroli railway station
i want web check inn
CAN YOU BOOK TICKETS IN TATKAL
Book flight ticket for me
Heyy can u find nearest dominos shop for me
i have to order dosa
Cab service
kfc number
just give sometime
Hi, what are the theatres nearby?
todays kkr team squad
please place the order for 1 half hyderabadi biryani from Aalam chicken
k gud nite byeee
Find a coupon for idea mobile bill
does they offee gum paper printing ?
kabhi nhi hoga tumlogo se
Any pharmacy near by
for recording me
Rooms ? They don't have two cottages for 4 persons?
Any offers on AIRTEL recharges
i wekeup
Bus tickets
you are so fast
how many runs rohit sharma scored
telugu movie s near me
details are same has above
search in 500 m!
can i not use
Plzz check trains between tirupati to vizag
ludhiana
Kyj to ndls sleeper per head fare?
Please activate dnd on 9990035705
leading individual total score in all matches of ipl for every ipl
what's going on
Kochi to Jaipur
"remind me at 3 exact ... today	ki ... aj mughe apna maths ka chapter complete karna hai..."
from today to 120 days
but y
can you get me cnf tickets
drink lots of water😃😃
Want to  book 3 tickets of ms dhoni
Needs cheapest hotel in North Goa from 9 to 12 October
can u web check-in
nice chatting with you
i already paid 430
Hey cancel my wake up call tmr
Cabs neaebuy
can you send me address of carnival movie star goregaon
how many hour movie is this
we are planning to take his service
daniel tomorrow afternoon 2 o'clock surgery remind me by 1 o'clock
or you work on shifts ?
is there any salon nearby
i would like to cancel my water drinking reminder
score kyy h
i want these remainder to be set for every month
cab book
no i want to cancel my reminder which i have already
Chicken
how will you remind me ?
playoff tickets in delhi
now running status
hi can you please help me on the food deals around lotus corporate park goregaon east
hmm sure mohit
can you tell me regarding movie shows in balasore odisha
can u tell me train brmputra mail is on which station
Howrah to gowhati trains
i've my identity card...but my wife don't have....but i can give undertaking...is it allow to chk in
Nearest Cash deposit machine
thank u khushboo
ipl _numeral_ time table list
final kb hai
delhi to patna
i wanted to go for hiriyur from hubli
kolkatta or pune
what's your name?
Any recharge offers
Hello pls tell me bank of Baroda Branch near by me
i said the venue should be delhi
Can u just call me at 6 a.m and remind me to charge my phone
ohh thank u riddhi..but i dont want to go any where....
gaazi??
after 5 min
Tell me near by restaurant
are there any classes only for cake
can i get catering ppl no
Reminder every month
need another
Nearest ATM of PNB
what is win percentage for rcb _date_
Inox kachiguda
Ticket fare for newyork from chennai
hi can you update _date_ match schedule with venue
top batsman score respectively please
sorry.
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 06:00 am { reminder_list: 674926, user_id: 1974805, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
who do you think will clinch the trophy this time
i want near golden temple
billa prabhas
Ola cab?
Where il gt hukka parlour near me
what s the update now
ghazi
applicable on share rides
after every hour
chowka near wich theater jayanagar 4block
Mudra bank nearby my location
only final is there
send me movies list
hey...will book later....thanks
In Web check-in option you will do the check-in for us with seat selection ?
_date_ team for the match
kal kiska match hai bhi
Yeah set reminder
Train hawara Ahmedabad
who s win in _date_ match
can you check the pnr status of above train
Cafe bites Faridkot
my ride summary
sorry
plz help for pg in ganganagar
confirmed ticket i want of train
do you book for zoom car
hey, i reached .. thank you so much
ha ha... wake up alarm is already scheduled... thanku
"		hi, i want to book ubergo {product_id:1ae41262-f83a-4d3b-98e3-c4dc71f00d8a, api_name:uber, product_name:ubergo, seat_count:none}"
orry
sorry bhiya
laundry services nearby
date 14th march
remind me to wish aloran happy birthday tomorrow
please tell me the train between mathura to jaipur
jammu flight
youngest player in ipl
how can i use cash back then
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for sat, 04 march at 04:45 pm { reminder_list: 707319, user_id: 1927809, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
red velvet cake
want to call ram kumar at 10.00 am
can you confirm whether our table is reserved n order is also placed please
please memories my password i.e. tushar789
thnkyou mohit😀
any date after 15th may
aaj koi show ni h kya
any offers on paytm
hai sagar plz can u tell me telugu last movies in tirupathi
i want  to know the location and contact  number  of khanak  fashion store  located  at  banjara  hills
shraddha you know parvez is all round he can turn any game
tel me current score
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for fri, 03 march at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 682486-682487-682488, user_id: 1976489, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
ola or uber?
pls see my location
are any scheme in flights going on
what is uberpool
plz send contact no guru nanak khalsa pg college
I would like to order something from mc donalds
fish
wts d toss
What the time of First best bus from cst to Navy nagar
i want to book this movie
tommorrow
can u stop medicine remainder
jindagi main hai dukh itna, man karta hai dubke marjau usmain. tu bas haa bolde agar, pura khojau tujhmain
i i'll book the ticket within one hour..want to conform with friends
and my seat will be????
Show me all my reminders
ohh what s the target
hey can you assist me on a good restaurant in pune to take my girlfriend to?
is there any direct train from pune to halol gujrat
Also set reminder for
i want to find midas near my location
get me cheapest ticket
Imphal to singapur
perfect time table sabarmati to ahmadabad
Check for a cab from my location
tamil movies
budget 400
matches of _date_
hey.. can i set a remider to you..
Stop my water reminders sir
top scorer
give ur no
as u said i will pay rs 211aprrox
Find me train between Lucknow to gonda
hey please can i get current score
delete my wake up call
90days package is available?
gujaini  jana hai
mula nae azad  college in aurangabad
apollo timings, koramangala5th block
ok.. i'll be riding so.. you can book any window seat if it's free and if it's chargeable book any seat i don't mind
Any new eng movies?
but the flight is getting early departure
yah please give me updates of scores in every _numeral_ - _numeral_ minutes
cant you give me update after every over
match is okay
and is there any match _date_
Now stop the reminder
show some trains from jalandhar cant to mathura
can you give me a recharge coupon?
how about payments
please tell me what can i do now
thanks see you soon
No it returning to Secunderabad junction now I want the present station
it will be confirm or not
can you set a wake up call on 95610 89849 and 9970733343 both of numbers
samsonite showrooms near chromepet
also i need reminder to buy medicine
Punnet yr can u plz tell me detail Nd availability for train for 2morrow from ndls to asr
i have nothing to do ?
remind me to drink water via alarm
pickup
do i have any discounted fare
reliance jio ka
i want a tour package
for the kkr match
thank you! ☺
Data plans
not now thanks
i need contact number of bright horizons day care centre located in domlur
any detailed review
kamala theatre show timings
Nearby theatre??
u r doing great job for me
looking for outlet..
i want to pay hotel bill
hello priyanka, i want to get my window ac service done. please let me know the charges
google assistant is already here
i am looking for muslim orphanage near to parrys area chenna
can u check d seat availability in mewar express for 10th march
rohit sharma
remind to get i'd of rubz
wanted to book a table for two at all stir fry at gordon house at 1:45 pm today afternoon.
kanpur
hi shruti
Buffet near me
4641282078 pnr status
how much runs did virat kohli scored
Buffet price in avasa hotel, hitech city
its alright😔😔😔
yuuupp
live pak vs newzeland
can you help with any bus routes for goa?
4/30/2017
is there any offer in recharge
the charges are too much.
thank u atit
i would like to know proovika service center in chennai
pick up - 400101 delivery- 422101 date 5th march - cloth box
pakistan vs bangladesh
any offer on recharge
i need in my area
can you help me with idea postpaid corporate connection??
y can't u set a call for drink water
"a fridge basket has a joint issue.	do you have anyone?"
mcdonald
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 716959, user_id: 1984500, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
give me all the details of this match
i am new to the app.
How to reach Agartala from karaikal
1 hr
cancel tkt
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 09:30 pm { reminder_list: 712987, user_id: 1983878, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want to know the rates of ticket for ipl in delhi forc _numeral_ rd match
check for duronto express frm delhi to kota
which movie you would recommend?
update me _date_ matches and score please
please cancel this wake call reminder i mistakenly informed the wrong timing
1 infant
hllo
which team are playing cricket
Disable my daily reminder
kuch time baad batata hu
any train in afternoon
recharge offers
what happened????
only 2??
remaining link match schedule
hdfc master card
thank saumya
hyd to mumbai
who is winner of todays match
hoo k tq
gwalior
cab pl
so fast
Bank of boroda
ka recharge
Seat number ??
indor
wrn is the semiss
samstipur to rosera ka aaj ka train ka time table batai
i want to watch later
thx  how soon they can come after confriming
how come cash back of 75 was processed
all movie
"		i would like to cancel my to-do reminder for this weekend (sat, sun) at 10:00 am { reminder_list: 684233, user_id: 1194559, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
getting bored
it was such an amazing plan
jolly llb 2
i need to order a pastry
u did not do that
are recharge aaya nai h mra
del to amd
i want to pay cash
Please find indian food restaurant
chinaswamy stadim matches
remind me on Monday Wednesday and Friday
dnt call me, set the reminder of no calls
Cau you set this reminder for every sunday?
what would be for 2 pax
koi fligt btae
New delhi to ludhiana
i know cng pump
not now dear..
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 08:30 am { reminder_list: 688921, user_id: 1967059, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want tickets for pune v s banglore
who are in qualifier
when will you reply ??
oh and individually you re supporting kkr
bro who s gon na win _date_ s match
mail not received
no. thanks.
thanx alote my dear 😘
Are there any Pune Kolkata flights today ?
answer please
I require only 2 tickets
eye specialist
awesome man rcb in _date_ position
i want any coupon
no no it was for this number 9538293617
tell me where logan is playing in calicut
u r a good assistance
do we have 50% cash back for train bookings?
looking for near by mobile sim trore
R there any packages for single traveller to angkor vat
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 183753, user_id: 1806851, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i think you didn't get my question. i already booked a ticket using ur services. i just wanted to inquire about the baggage allowance
nice app , i am just checking,have a good day
can you tell me my last validity date for data and calls
sleeper couch dadar to ajmer
hi shreya
bsnl bill pay
do you have updated one now
sry bruh. i can't come to mumbai now to avail the offer..
any offer on dth recharge
Intercity Train from Thane to Shivaji Nagar on 7th September - seat availability for 2S
sir mujhe ek bhut jruri hlp chahiye
Hi can you please turn of this daily wake up call of 6 am
i want to write the caption of the reminder???
can you order one extravaganza regular veg pizza from dominos for me ?
shoe timings of movies running in pajim inox
except sundays
but you didn't call yesterday :(
vijayawada to new delhi
marriage 7 pm today
what
is it updated with _date_ s match result
Canara Bank ATM
no sandeep sir ...
Nearby places to my place where I can learn Guitar
what was the last message
i need full updates of the game
let me know _date_ s matches
pune r mi
can you find me naturopathy centers available in vadodara? all along with package details.
Want to order butter chicken
thank you mayur
no by train
can i get the cashback?
hi madam good morning
ok cool
2bhk flat for rent in ranchi
now showing
can you please help me which team yuvraj singh is playing in
i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 12937{product_id:12937_kota_mgs,api_name:trains_api}
bom to ixb
Train ka Kya update h???
dude help me
halogen oven
what s the current point table
please call me at 6.15 am today to remind me to go to railway station
you are amazing
jaa yr dffaaa ho
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 592179, user_id: 1891350, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
when was match staet
Did you placed the order or not
Cng station
is malinga playing todays match or noy
Plz book me 2 tickets for 3.25pm
i want to but do you have any more coupons available which i can use
madam provide offers
whats a score now
Find ranchi to Mumbai
remind every one hr
mobile ?
refrigerator is not working
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 05:30 am { reminder_list: 670108, user_id: 1971170, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
thanks yar
which us your favourite criketer
sorry dd nd rcb score is _numeral_ - _numeral_
sure :)
sbi cdm machine
875-640-0004
bhai
Ohk set it
when next match in delhi
hey, can you set a wake up alarm for me? ⏰
best flight rate with hdfc credit card for goa booking in 4th to 7 may 15 individual
which bus to andhri bus
can i know near by pub
Need to go to aiims from igi New Delhi...I need the bus route n bus number
..??
"		i would like to cancel my `wish abhijit happy birthday!` reminder for tue, 21 march at 12:00 am { reminder_list: 686723, user_id: 1971303, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Pala universal theater
no i already logged out this net banking, ok lets try at afternoon again by continuing this chating, is this possible/fine?
regarding the ipl match last night
good morning melissa
no i want the entire schedule
which cab service will u provide..?
hey what does the latest points table look like
pls book a cab
yes it wl win
can you let me know at what time will it start from source station
dish tv customer care no pls
Vadodara???
can you also remind me for buffet today at 4 pm
cancellation charges for trains?
12720 train status please
could you find me one in the opposite direction of the icici bank?
please cancel my daily wake up call at 8 am
total run of virat
any other no.0
yea cool thnks
is there any off on electricity bill
from chennai to pune
let me know if there is any cashback
show me position of amrutsar express
not required thanks
thanq..n wish u d same sakshi..😊
2708897378
hi my friend venkatesh with 9989235469
any offer on cab
smith scores
Sorry can you help to book the ticket
So for this will I get daily reminder?
just give me list
still m i aligable to get 75rs cash back
sure sneha
what happened about _date_ s match score
i wasn't able to do card payment in my current ride which you booked
Any HP service center near by me
whan diwali fastiwal
not today harsha
get me updated every five minutes about the score
offer valid till??
who will be winning
From where i get raw egg
thanx mam
hey can you help me with the departures of flight air asia (domestic)
okk here there is showing upto 50%
to change quick set
Central bank of India ATM
can i review for all
Banda to jhanshi ke liye train
pnr already told
any movie timing from 2.30onwards
but you not giving me cash back
in previous ride i didn't get cashback
can you help me with a restaurant who serves traditional south indian thali in western suburbs
today movies release
Hi need a reminder of on 24th evening
bike rental
no need..
Ani trains from banglore to kharagpur junction between 1 to 7 dec
why is the match delayed
no . pm
bandra
har ek team ko total kitne match khelna hai
Call me and inform me at 12
it's gud to get reminded ;)
hi i need help... somebody who can repair my sofa?
no options
can you send me your pics
send me the full details of rps all maches details
but it was mentioned that i would get 200/- off by booking on haptik
Pizza shop at Karur for home delivary
give update for each ball
4 hours
Get me cheapest economy class flight from khajraho to cheenai
Hello can u check  any reffrel code for oyo rooms first time download
oi ipl r score ko
at 3:10
remind*
oops cancel it
dates :- 1st of every month- pay service tax of current account
what is the time of samarsatta express at adra
hei not chemist i want to know where is govt hospital near by
squads and toss please
pune vs mumbai in pune
see ya
these prices are cashback included or excluded
How far is the renigunta railway station
yestardy rcb or dd
i want to cancel my flight, wannaa know thw refund amount for laxmi devi
what is the reminder
hi aman gd mrng
want to track my order.. give me the track link
what s the status of the match
Order pizza
please cancel it
jo help chahiye wo to hui nhi or kya karoge
he was about to provide me service today at 10 am
mall road
byatranapura police station
tamil movie can we watch
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 719119, user_id: 1984905, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
mumbai wins
Check availability
what he hell i asked for a monthly fare calender
ky hua padma behen
Next query would be next web check in from BLR to Vijayawada on Spicejet
not for food beverages or online shopping
ankita again u?
Medium price veg restaurants in electronic city
could you check the availability for 12445
wqts d score
can you help me buy tickets for ipl
hi rohini
send me showtime for the ghazi attack
fill crc form
can u find nearby internet cafe
For non veg i want
Kindly send me the reminders through message only
ok thank you i recieved the conformation from operator.
Sengottai to madurai passenger traun timings
where can i find these offers
tell me more trivia
Can you please tell me about the trains from Delhi to pune
kah ke ho
oh!!!
Service center if Motorola in haryana
channels as in i dint get you?
Hi samita
Send me the current status for the trains
could u place an order with kfc for a five in one meal box
Hi can u suggest good honeymoon package around 50k to 60k mostly want to travel in Nov 1st week or Dec starting
jolly llb
pnr status of 4843594361
good evening bhau
airtel gallery in goa
I need dubai round trip cheaper tickets from delhi
is dr is any offer
make one thirty pm
can you do that
"i want to watch	movie: wolverine 3: logan"
pee ra hu meri maa
show me the teams in grp a and grp b too
need maid
how will you remind me.by call or sms
if i dont book the ticket can i adjust the seat?
Can u find me a near local food stall
How is inkokkadu  mve
Looking for full body massage nearby
can you send me the point table
i'll do that via official app. how about airtel dth?
Looking to order breakfast
si iii
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for fri, 03 march at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 695151-695152, user_id: 1980293, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Need icici deposit machine to deposit money near moulali
Cassiia buffet restaurant
No   I need direct flights
hey when is ipl beginning
this is for 2 side or includes return ticket also??
no india no world cup
rcb team taylor new bowler photo
for 5 people
delhi airport to delhi sarai rohilla
this been done???
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for thu, 02 march at 07:30 pm { reminder_list: 676951, user_id: 1970980, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
show me best hotels and restaurants near me
full scoreboard of rcb vs gl
no not good man can i apply online
sure thank u
Please check in charminar exp
queens land
tnnx
delhi to hyderabad
i would like to book hotel in mount abu
when is the final world cup t _numeral_
in eden gardens
no show s available ryt nw
this is point table not a scorecard
recharge hua?
me till end
Harsh, please tell me how to travel from Katra to Dharamshala
saturday  at 8pm
at odeon
"hey sakshi, quick question	would i get 50 cashback if my friend will do a d2h recharge ?"
today at 9 pm
Jimis burger
no i want to goa for goa
tell me the restaurants near axis bank himayatnagar
good night zzz..
hi tanu
bhopw
both of them don't keep cordless phones
chennai to madurai
_date_ s match is going to happen
can i have a cab to national zoological park
can i get ipl schedules
how long from station?
My money is still not refunded
no problem...
Wanna get taxi
only non veg
what time
yes man i m watching it thank you
hi, i'm interested in watching movies
train from delhi to blore march 24
i want a service for tata docomo can u help in a thing ?
can you show me flights for 3 n 4 april from pune to delhi
are there any offers for postpaid payment-vodafone
can you give me scores of _date_ s match kkr
do you have dry cleaning services
hi i want pool for two
Jaipur i will reach on 7th or 8th??
can u pls tell me is there any puppy vet nearby who doesnt charges much?
please show me trains from cstm to koaa for ac 3 tier (3a) on 02-03-2017.
60
Good cinema hall with reasonable price
Wake me by 8am morning
ohhh
will they be open tomorrow?
so _date_ is india vs
how much time will take
Train tickets to Mangalore on Oct 9
i need know the rate chart of pantry food of rajdhani
i would lyk to deny by seeing the rates
atm
r u real person or robot?
i need to recharge plan voucher
can u find me tickets from guntakal to khandwa station
what is rohit sharmas score
citibank
remind to call
thanks ishita
Can you please check middle seats for me ?
kem choo
movies in gvk mall today
for vodafone
any date but fare is very chep
who is your favourate ipl team
I wanna order pizza from nigadi pizza hut.... Spicy overloaded large pizza
"please show me one way flights from kolkata to bangalore 		onward date - 22 march"
_date_ s match is between
gf
can we get some tickets for ipl match in hyderabad
but payment is not done
In my hostel bench was broken
Goa package
hi any match _date_
ghazi
you are human right?
can you tell me the predictions for that match
where's  my cashback
were u been ?
Will u pls help me. In finding the train which are present  from hospet to Hubli  for today
it's okay no problem
vasan eye care
cancel my ongoing booking
i didnt given any contact information how it booked
thank you vanisha
delhi s team for _date_ s match
Hi find me a train
best quote
i want talk time recharge
task: call manik
i need bt _numeral_
can u email the eticket to my email id
hey naresh
whom do you think will win
i intend to order a sub in the evening. can i place an order now?
i'll let you know. i got to sleep. goodnight.
which place
see i am shifting ny flat..so i have 5 to 6 small size bags
thanks
good morning. my dear khushboo.
Haldibari from kolkata
as the timing is really uncanny
please remind me for muri only today at 4 pm.
please don't.
thnk you
how to reach bathinda from delhi
Airline tacket
is this fare for 2 person s
which team is at number _numeral_
Find out a Axis bank near by me..!!
i m waiting for someone, i have 1 hr, tell me how i expand this time
last date is 17 of dis month
can i have a reminder
mumbai churchgate area
16587 check
Icici bank atm near Wadala east
10.15 pm today
tickets for _date_ match at hyderabad
where is the code
hau
remaining fixtures please
"mango hotel kormangla 	to airport"
time??
Can u find me trains to thirupathi from davangere on September 9
i am finish
Want to order good
what is dnd for idea
Where? Which theatre?
deposit machine
Is there movie Thodari screened in Tamil at Vizag
please get updated version
near to colaba mumbai
not interested in cricket
This is without fare ?
Wine shop near by me
near by historical sites
any other courts?
who won the match between pune and rcb
maurya express
what is the promo code....?
Please tell.me the schedule of the movies on 29 september
view reminders
nhi....mtlb jab bhi app pe click krta vo band ho jada open nhi hota ...ek do bar kiya tab open hua ...ab uska error kese de paunga reshma
who is the winner of _date_ match
i want 7 days travel period
i want to pick it up. it's a birthday cake
abho kya hua score
You did not wake me
any other offer
i would like to book for aby malayalam movie in logix or spice mall in noida
avi buk kiniye
show timings
no need to call me
the location of restaurants is mumbai
it's nice talking to you
wow very interesting match
prime card
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for mon, 06 march at every 4 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 724604-724605-724606, user_id: 1986321, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
vanehuesen store near my location
Hey, can you check the status of a flight?{task}
not now plz i was busy now. have to manage some office work
provide any coupon code on recharge of dth
i need to order cake
iam not busy iam drinking water
free delivery
keep updating every over if you can please
hi mam
vasakapatanam ap india
but not from here
How to apply DND on my phone
Can u get a train ticket done for me for Kanpur tmrw evening
Acitivate DND on my mobile plea
i want know what movies showing in nellore
my two recharge of 20,000 is still processing
which team you like
Nearest ice cream parlour
Tell me the time of arrival of Shatabdi express at solapur station towards Hyderabad
gorakhpur. to ahmedabad
wakeup alarm at 6-45
Hey can u place my order now??
8 th of march
in train booking
Is Airtel broadband connection available in Gorakhpur
can you find the railway station?
i want to get tropicana juice delivered to my location
Is there any flight from New Delhi to Gorakhpur??
when is next match for delhi
full score card
I need to wake up at 6 am.
hi ni want to know pune vs bangalore ipl match schedule in pune also ticket availability
sri gayatri junior college,edudugallu,kankipadu, vijayawada
11:56 after 21 minute delay?
more???
can you help me with the ipl final tickets
delete all my reminders
actually after 10 mins would be fine
how i get back?
what is the result of todays match
Hubli to dharwad
nearest clinique store?
hay. hi
to book for 1 day
not today
hi rahul, any interesting deals on dinner and buffet for tonight in andheri?
hi how r u
8th march
Can you find me a swimming pool which is open 24 month
bsnl ka plan bat iye internet ka
11072
Hello , I would like to find service to change the damaged sofa cover
please snooze the request for 15min
I've a flight to catch in d mrn
please send the link again
is there any cng station near by me we are on highway
hi... i want a maid for baby in jaipur ..can u help me with that
in ahmedabad
this ride has been completed
kirik
recharge
yday match summary of kkr please
hey what do tou think who will win tje ipl
Stop reminder please
i want a ride from pune junction to jivan super market
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 04:00 pm { reminder_list: 689127, user_id: 1978651, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Cab from kalka to shimla
gitanjali metro
is it possible to know.?
i need a fresh booking
at what time match is going to start
no thanks. don't need another booking.
pls answer
how can i delete the chat and bookings here
ok thanks
Nagaland  express
any offers on any app for broadband bill payment
remind me on 10 march to go.to mahalaxmi to take scholarship
wht abt todays match which teams are going to play
i am in jaunpur
i just want an information
my location is on
hey pls set a reminder for tomorrow
hi, can you also plan holiday packages...
Can you find a sbi ATM nearby
Check fr mumbai to delhi
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 722924, user_id: 1983451, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can you find me nearest acer laptop showroom ?
it's automatically came in bill
no further assistance required
plz check the status
i will be eligible for rs 75 cashback right?
wat is point to qailfy for the semi final
Give me the train statua
bus to bengaluru
ngo colony road map
what is my name
Nearest tatto studio
yes mam can u book nw
Hello sakshi, can you pl  find the best 2G/3G recharge on docomo or airtel with ~1GB data pack. Thanks
or any 1bhk near my location??
can you please update me with final summary of all the upcoming matches in the season
every year
did not get cashback
could you please help me in finding the nearest men's garments store
Airtel setting for mobile data
when will it be generated
_numeral_ over per side
1
will you please speak in urdu
what s the mumbai score now
can i knw the prize estimation now
center point c road near thadbund
where is luxe cinemas ??
i already gave the info na
hii nishant how r u
which match is going on now
details of rcb score
adi to delhi
hotel minakshi on palm beach road
live scores
sure thing nothing else apart from the scores as for now lol
want to set an reminder on 05 march at 11:45 pm to wish vinita a happy birthday
olz
3/3/2017
Flight ticket
window glass broken so want to replace
want to change my pick up
virat kohili scor
but not during nights
thnkxx mohit
hje
jadcherla
Best restaurant's   near by rajpura
amul parlour
how to travel to ulhasnagar from andheri
can u give me the number of that lokhandwala shop
any domino's is ambernath
okay is there any wickts taken by india
Ratlam to nimuch train
give me last update of match
please proceed{api_name:ola, request_id:crn597331655, confirm:true}
reschedule it
can you share the ipl match schedule
please call me at 7 am today
specs shop near dombovali railway station
train number i dont know but .. i want to travel from bangalore to dharmavaram today
Bike rental services near me
Hi sir , in airtel 199rs my plan if I select all packs for call purpose 2g data is charged or limited ?
16 april ka sbse kam price konsi flight ka h
i can't
Bus or train tickets to diu from mumbai
dhani mami
inspection charge??
_date_ who is gone win the match
is there any offer
thank you. my dear
hi please update me about the upcoming matches regularly
can i recharge ola money
please remind me at 1 12:30pm for lunch
i would like shows in vasai
Any train which have available tatkaal ticket in slipper
and more over
i want nearest top mens hair spa
Want to order a box of donuts
ok ask them to deliver at 12 pm. check  my last communication
chandigarh
but it had olives and jalapeños
faridabad atm
Can tou show me delhi to mumbai flights for october 22
OK book onward ticket from chitradurga to Hyderabad on 20-9-16
need to purchase house
do u hv induction repair person
"if i cancel this ticket of my	will my whole money be refunded....?"
Daily 7 and 8 am but in phone call speak exam time otherwise fail
departure 26th
unlimited local std calls plan
ok.thanks good night
tell me result of yesterdays _time_ match
and _date_ s match schedule too
Pink movie available in Popcorn cinema tgb
Show me available movies for tomorrow in mangalore
i have booked it
yez
singham 3
ok bye i'll try later
Train timing chat
May i know the train ticket with the price
Train tickets  concession for Age 61& 5 to 12year older
but whatta win man congo
room 2016
i want to go to pub today
Can u find me nearby Axis bank branches
offer code
6:30 am today
i dint get departure city what is that mean
when will it reach sgnr
I would like an SBI ATM
remind me to pay electricity bill on 2 of every month
Telugu movies
charted.bus
your favourite team
only veg
sorry for not answering your call
sry plz book mini
who score the most runs in t _numeral_
irctc
_date_ match result points table
i wnt knw the score
hey when will the _numeral_ vivo ipl begin
yes sir
by paytm
no need. please tell me wheres the macd
give full address
thanknyou :)
hey puneet
hey _date_ s match prediction
send bill
which movie is playing in payal hall
clotes washing
wifi modem
so ri8 now i cant book any cab, i will contact u on 12th march around 11am
hyderabad mmts
which train have confirm seats
Exam finished reminder
which is your favorite ipl team
any promo codes
no miskate
Panvel paranomic hotel
i m looking for salon
can i schedule different medicine for different time
m talking about this year of ipl
find me a nearby kindle garton
do u remember me
Cancel previous wake up reminder of 6.30am
wts the highlights for the same
do u set me a reminder
t _numeral_ standings
godrej ka
can you give me latest update
tell me something about mumbai indians
Shivakshi bus stop
Bro ma seat no. in train s s10 35....could pls know me da location...f ma berth
hi sagar what do you do
I will have burger
Hey can you send me Taj lands end masala bay resturant menu
i will confirm u a few min.
apollo medical store
what is current positions of the teams
Gujarati thali near naroda ahmedabad
i want tickets of mumbai indians matches please help me
remind me to ask gopi for my cv pics..
What is realising date of shivaay movie
bollywood
sorry i want _numeral_ ticket
if i add money will it have any expiration date
want to buk a cab
none has beer..
from mangalore to bangalore flight fare
"		i would like to cancel my to-do reminder for sat, 04 march at 02:00 pm { reminder_list: 692077, user_id: 1956654, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
thank you for reminding for all these days.
service provider is
how will you remind me
act internet bangalore
how much amount will refund
what is the price of tickets on _numeral_
it was by mistake vanisha
can you help me out to figure out the cheap and best restra
tell me anyone good hindi movie
5 30 am
may i know the team status like who are in semi finals finals quarter finals
Reminder for recharge
End all alarms
i do not want to order anything
rcb v c delhi
any offer on kesa's
yes they re batting soo good
can you just talk to me ??
platform number not announced
okay thank you for information
aur jab recharge karwaynge to
Any coupon  for Domino's
"please proceed with below flights -		onward flight - rs.3820	jet airways (9w-981)	mumbai to goa	departure: 01:15 pm (12 apr)	arrival: 02:30 pm (12 apr)	 {product_id:ef2a1dafbfe32d4778ba35706f69d1c35d4bb6a339613cb6d30768683fd5ea924871703228f83c8ae937965fc7f3b6c080e97dc3540d16d77d3458e71b5df3ae, api_name:goibibo_api, type:onward_flight, others:onward flight - rs.3820 jet airways (9w-981) mumbai to goa departure 0115 pm (12 apr) arrival 0230 pm (12 apr) }"
do you have any idea when finals is gon na be
Best recharge in Airtel in Chhattisgarh
not any nnow thanks
it not there
fine..
commando2 review
it's my mom's bday
can i do this payment through walet of haptik
advance booking on 7th march
chennai to hyderabad
wi-fi please
same time
Kal morning main shahdara station se khurja station ke liye koi train hai
🤗
what is the offer if i pay electricity bill
check in pleaee
chipest rate i need
please show me cabs from other providers.{api_name:ola}
ya ,i like it
bro
Beer shop near me
hindi me bolna
do i hv any coupon
v gud evng
i need urgent help
hmmmm
how to send my paytm balance to my bank account
hi i want to change the time of one of the reminders
HP service centre
do n t you think this year ipl is ennui
whtta match nohh boy nhe is one special player
sir gorakhdham ka kya status hi
i dnt have 6:30 medicine reminder... its still calls me for the same
is it tatkal or general
that's great not right now just checking
every hour
no any offer with  haptik as well
its rahul not rah
can you cancel the reminder
Please suggest me some hotels in Solapur with deals if you have any
harsha
bus stand
yes i need updates of this match
whats the status of the match
no now i dont want to add any todo list
room
second class
Can u get d evening Shatabdi done. Name Aparna Gupta.  Age 46. Delhi to Kanpur for tmrw evening shatabdi
gimme way to kasarsai dam
send ticket copy to my e mail
you too bye
Domino's? ??
can you remind this movie this month after 16
Varsha please stop my reminder after every 30 mins
m r f showroom
please update the playin _numeral_ of _date_ s first match pune vs punjab
thank you but not now
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 09:29 pm { reminder_list: 429593, user_id: 1895762, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
will you remind by calling?
14708, 4 march 17
who will india vs australia match
who won _date_ s match punjab
nahi chahiye
looking for budget stay at guhagar on 11th and 12th march 2017 night
hello sneha
hi you any offer on bus booking?
jss
gym near me
s you should update the score
cancelled my request
village bapouli
please check for table availability at masala library by jiggs kalra janpath for 9 pm today
Nearby petrol bunk
Restaurant Name: Agra chaat
recharge offer for idea prepaid
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for tue, 02 may at 07:00 am { reminder_list: 698191, user_id: 1980747, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
why you stopped updating me with match s score
strangely this is my first experience.
I am at cinepolis
tiny tot school
remained me my train is not booking till yet so remained me when i land flight to guwhati
ji muje janna hai ki holi nepal me bi manate kya
seat as available in 05965 train
i don't want cuz your too slow
again canceled
50% off code send
tomo moring 7.oo clock
want to going to gariyadhar
can you give your personal number
after every 2 hours
wallet money can be redeemed?
mumbai indians chat
cancel it.
mulsi agro tourism
could you remind the same context after some time
can you tell me basawa express from mysore to bagalkot when it will reach gulbarga
first tell me answer
is this movie in hindi???
Which movie theatre?
but it's too costly
How to change postpaid plan in Reliance GSM?
_date_ kis kis ka match h
19707 is tain no from marwad junction to borivali i jst want to know that is there any seat to book on 16-3-17
no..i use jio
pnr status of bph to bsp on 11 march
cant i get pizzas?
how can we do payment.
any offer on ola cab
can i use haptik balance of rs.250 while booking
i need a tv repairer
so you guys gon na update ball by ball or per over
hi i want go cinema
u only assistant for me
2 hr it's already done
what can i get for 345rs recharge of airtel network. ?
near thaiter
run rate
Hiiii can u book for me dharshan tickets for pandaripuram
what about last match of rps
we are 5 in number
what a match unforgettable
yes last match score
your service is slow
hey do you know why i'm single?
Ticket from ghaziabad to allahabad
Kolkata to Bangalore flight fare....2017feb 4th Nd return 8th
Seeking suggestions some chocolate cake for 5-6 persons and eggless from a good bakery
i want u to remind me an hour early like at 6 pm
Do we have a  deal in any restaurant
thanks..😊
contact number?
mohali match status
please do not cancel
Nearest hdfc atm?
train no 22644
aur kya result rha
Mohan talkies sabzimandi
hey no thanks
i wanna book
every date i posted u reply sorry
fine
SBI Bank Branch in pimple saudagar
I want to have a haldiram's thali
cafe coffee day
hey can you please tell me that how many runs each player had scored
book a train ticket
r block, r, sispal vihar - block d, block s, sispal vihar, sector 49, gurugram, haryana 122001, india
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 05:46 pm { reminder_list: 725197, user_id: 1986448, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can you help me with hotels in mumbai
75 discount..... ryt?
thanks manish i will tell, right now i am discussing with my friend and thinking about other moods too
but vo no toh usefull he nhe hai
hi, pls remind me tomorrow by call at 12pm to do the credit card overdue payment. thanks
todaysatch schedule please
remind me tomorrow at 9.50 am to take appointment of dr ajit dalvi
update
budget is 2000/month
Hey. Please change my water reminder from 2 hours to 1 hour
_date_ which matches are there
all task remove please
13 Oct flight and return 18th Oct
are you computer or human?
water
or bus
bcoz all will be asking the score s
what s this afghanistan is in group b and also in super _numeral_ group _numeral_
from nagpur to bangalore
these are not dance bar
From where will I get the bus
Pl. Deactivate this reminder
logan hollywood 2017
please update score time to time
send me some pics if srh winning
can you send it faster
india is out i do n t like cricket anymore
who won the last match with rcb
saiyaji
tracking number is z18088456
caba book for me
Can u please tell me the nearest Vodafone store
Today's sub is roasted chicken
pnr?  how do i get tat
thank you shruti
Sharique I m very disappointed with today's bus booking
kitne over me
near by  i need
Yes in train
set a alrm
logout the account
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 04:00 am { reminder_list: 700971, user_id: 1217502, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
good mornig
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 669362, user_id: 1947818, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i need to go to chrompet railway station
4128728186
how to get a cake
tmrw mng 09:30
Train number 22640 time detail
Chichken biryani
thank you.. 👍
,,😚😘😘😘😘😘😘
do you arrange domestic help as well
full scorecard dd vs mi
What will be the cost for ordering 12 chicken burger
m looking for hospital nearby
can you check if i can get food delivered at this time at my place. i mean is there any resturant nearby doing home delivery?
from indore
no not working....
Any great Hollywood film released?
may i know sabjimandi near to me
what is the problem
to order vit e and ccm
Cuisine or dish: Bhature With Chole
ye aaps me acaunt kese banana he
i want to go chennai central to jolharphet
which telecom componey i should port my sim for good voice call
cricket scores obvious for _date_ ind vs nz
scores kxip
ok thankyou
Majnu movie tickets
but this is happening second time
Dominoz order
wicked girega to bata dena please
koun jeetga _date_
is the cash back coupon valid again ??
what time is the final _date_
it sucks btw do n t you think no hardworking players
Please make sure I wake up
coimbatore to raipur tonight
Sl or 3ac
12809 train no
indian post nearby
i need to pay airtel bill
shipa
You call me
hey i wanted lounge near borivali kandivali area
book tickets
not ok baby
ohkk.
hardiko maine make my trip we flight ki ticket booking ki hai
are you ai or human?
air asia
i need to book flight no ai887 air india
Can you find me nearby cinema hall from my location
these are too expensive
can u also proceed with water bills?
aahan
hey, can you send me regular reminders to drink water 💧 ? {task}
next india ka match kab aur kiske sath hai
how do you look like?
31.3.2017 ko 15066 ke lucknow tak kitna weting he
whats the score of _date_ match
search me on google
Dear Mr Fenal  Shah * 4- Your Go Air PNR is G8-2924NC for sector PNQ-BLR, Departure from Pune  On 27/09/16 at 22:25Hrs
i need standard chartered bank in dahisar and borivali
Nearest metro station
2558
am already ready
ocated at eden garden building, citi park rd, sector - 8, khanda colony, panvel, navi mumbai, maharashtra 410206
cancle it
please tell me which player play all ipl season in same team
will u plse tell me about the jio prime plan
i'll let you know ms.renuka. thank you.
ok mam
cash back offer
karur vysya bank in kadapa
i want to recharge for aircel no
book khaidi tickets
no need frm nw i m watchn d match nwake me up tom mrn it s really imp ni hope i can count on d app
wow awesome
I need food u bring food!
how to travel to murud near mumbai
not yet will ping on tym dont want to get disturb so soon match is at _numeral_
ok cool thanks
Aaikrupa cyber cafe is not ATM.
Can you tell me the estimate for 6 person......we are planning a trip from Meerut to rishikesh
Which are the movies gong in Chikmagalur theatres
Cheap flight i want
i doubt the match will start by that time
i will let you know
9867285111
pandeypur
Can u book me a Uber cab
top ream
is there a nike store nearby
hi harsh
by train?
y gayle is not playing
can i use the haptik balance?
i want live score of every minites
hi, i'm interested in watching kirik party. {movie_name:kirik party}{task}
bank of baroda near me
i want deactivate call reminder
i want details for a skin doctor please
how much to win
yes need it now
tinsukia to silchar
i have to go to taj man singh on 7th march at 10.30 am. kindly remind
can you comment on uv batting
hai there
i need hotels in colaba area pls
really ?
How much does it costs for a burger from any restaurent
hey, can you help me with atm nearby?  hdfc bank{task}
what s the score for _date_ s ipl match
i want to book hotel in manali
ok thanks anjali
just now
Near SBI Bank
send me the trains timings on 7th of oct from lucknow to meerut
can u help m wid d bifurcation of d fare of the ticket fr all
my electricity problem has resurfaced
whz match iz der _date_
can you tell me current score
tardeo area
Surat to Bangalore via Mumbai
rohini ji hotil services r fast . thanks
Can you tell what are my reminders
ok g.n
Tell me cost of travel in flight from hyd to Raipur and return for October 20 and 21 , all flight information
i need hotel details for matheran
what was that link for?
i love
Dominoes
actually i want to book ride for my friend
thank you so much for atm
budget is 2000 for room
Set me a reminder after every 30 minutes
4.30 am plz wake up
in laxmi nagar,new delhi
AC sleeper is good. But can you confirm the bus goes to munnar?
Can u give me the address of Hotel Rahi Coral Beach Resort calungate Goa
why so much delay?
did ur watching ipl now
tomorrow is sunday
cadd coaching centre
check this
when is rcb vs delhi in delhi
i have already booked my return flight
chk if ter is any ticket available in any train from ndls to bsb in any class on 10th march
ohh shit rcb loss
chennai to blr
I want to order from Pizza Hut Delivery.{product_id:23848,product_name:Pizza Hut Delivery,api_id:,api_name:zomato}{carousel_cta}
from airport to treebo premium suites malleshwaram
can u send me the link
baggage details ?
bsnl offer checking num please
_date_ usman is playing
i went
looking for score
can u find me a car driving school near cmc vellore
hey thank you so much
_date_ s matches
thank you for help.i shall contact you later on.
can you send the schedule of tw _numeral_ world cup matches
notes
any vendors available for fixing it?
thanks a lot daniel!
yeah thanks
Hey I want to go to mumbai
"		i would like to cancel my to-do: jogging for everyday at 05:15 am { reminder_list: 586308, user_id: 1777395, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can i get contact details of teh carpenter from urban clap?
thrissur to pollachi bus timing
is amount will refunded to my haptik account if recharge failed
Hi ...Can you suggest best travel package to Sikkim in month of Nov
good support
maim abhi to mere wallet me refund aya tha ab kha gya
search fast
why is the recharge still on progress
Please cancel my wake up call
rohi t run
i want to know about show room of tempo traveller
Stay
my nearest atm
no for now
Check my PNR no of nadigaram express
hi can u help me book a cab
Where can i get chickn shawarma nearby me?
check with restaurant for the same for the order
offers?
Need two tickets
what was _date_ s match courtesy i missed it
is any cofirm ticket available on 28 april from vasai-thivim or vasai-pernem
So what is total coming now for da package including everything and name of property where will b staying
malvika was quick
did u get my question
its _time_ now current updates please
Please cancel the booking as our plan to Ahmedabad is cancelled
any deal
this is the first match
"i need one ticket form hyd to delhi n return from delhi to hyd 	11 march arivel 	16 march dep"
Find me the bus no. To travel goregaon  oshiwara depot west to andheri west stn
i need a plumber for replacing my drainage pipe for my house in aurangabad city of maharashtra
bt whats the offer
however i don't see the plan in your app
9W2492 - Indore to Chennai today flight status ?
new movies in telugu
postpaid offers
movies realising today
so you mean
may i oder from mc donald's
any offers for me on train booking
give me a update regularly
Please book service with urban clap
what about my reminder....?
how can i help you..
that was sarcastic
Kolkata to Delhi early morning 18/10, Delhi to Kolkata evening/late evening 24/10 . 3 tickects
i think west indies will loose
so about the passengers who travelling for howrah
remind me to carry important stuff to office
thanks ..can u tell me which govt bus goes to barakhamba from mayur vihar
"add a new to-do	task: vomit stop tablets aceclofenac and"
Yes schedule a reminder on 3rd Oct for the credit card
rcb v kkr
remind on 4.3.17 at 9 am for evs books 9th and 10th
any time would do
I dont t any reminders or notifications from anyone of you guys
Hi is der any flights frm belgaum to delhi on 17th sep
hardik*
12/30/1899
please can you send me a wallpaper of rohit sharma
thanks...shruti👍
can you tell me alert type of reminder
pls reminder
thankyou vanisha
i wanna know if der is any
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 577423, user_id: 1943680, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
thank you bye..
remind me to get up to play
Mobile recharge is not done
rangon
not only for recharge
k thanks
yes but not during night time when i sleep 12 am after
can i try some juice than having water?
not in my location
actually i am look for the link to order food
75rs cash back on rides more than 100rs ?
What are the movie timings for pink in pvr diamond plaza and inox city centre2
Want you to reminder me Everyday
How can i port my airtel to docomo
r you watching match now
not able to
sai helmet store, shop no.10, nangloi flyover, arya mohalla, nangloi, delhi. click here to access the exact location on google maps.
remind me to meet pratap on saturday
yes. but i am not able to pay for my wallet
where is the schedule
want to ride now
5th se 9 date tak any train conforms tiket
7 am today
around marathahalli
_date_ april with ticket price of _numeral_
the price is too high
tickets to the finals
it's of opera house only
medical shop
any offer going
i am just test u
Nearest Axis bank ATM ??
yes please do
who is the first to bat nin todays match
i'm searching for a person for servicing  my kutchina  uv water purifier can you please help me..
it's for maintenance of ac
alright thanks a ton
which team will win to day
ohk thanks
सच में
this no work
sir i book my travel train
phillips service centre
give me every match scorecard after every innings in rest of matches
shall the phone should be online mode
hii. bharat
i want to know
i want fashion shows organizer in amravati
yes men
with live match score
2128387258
i want to know the cargo charge..
gurgaon udyog vihar phase 4
send me of the rcb and guj match also
i need buses information
later on thnx for quick response
i want you to search something for me
hii khushboo
How to go ambattur from chennai airport
any offer going on
paytm customer care number h
i need to take medicine at 9:30 pm
i need to plan my gujarat trip
player runs
my location is katras rajbari road
any offers on prepaid mobile recharge ?
not now in april 12 th
update me with points table after match
can you help me find tickets
fish tikka
call them
Blood pressure tablet
m at santa west
yes provide me live updates
noodles
wake up call for 7am today
what s the climate conditions
who is the highest run scorer and the highest wicket taker between these _numeral_ teams
i need to buy ticket for indo-pak at _date_ march
what times the match
could u pls remind me 2 wash my clothes @ 3.00pm 2day
how many overs r over
Do you have any package for awesome spa and salon near baga Beach
not completed payment
Hi can u tell me about goa tour packages
train i mean
list of the name of the players in each team
sir 10 din ho gaye mere account me abhi tak paisa transfer nahi hua 535rupees
how many times do i have to tell
8256357366 pnr
status of _date_ match
what s scores
yeah
tell me current match details
are you automated or a real person? 馃榾
Can u plz tell me about the live running status of train number 15211
10/23/2017
last wicket
check pnr
any club nearby?
it's ok i didn't find what i was looking for thanks anyway
i'm done with haptick..
can you get me match tickets
Electrician for Cctv work
cud u help me
"pls check the railway tickets from mumbai too ajmee 	dated 14th of this month 	and return to 17th of this month 	for 2 person"
how they won
no .
he samita
if i book cab
u dr
any discount s
what are the trains that available from ernakulam south to thiruvalla
Yes please set
classes are flexible
nearest atm
who all have qualified for the semi finals
Good morning I have friends in my home and I would like to order pizza from dominos
i want cab
6/19/2017
match between
we do 100 mobile recharge that is also tran...????
i need hdfc atm
kya hum baat kar sakte hain??
can you please help me on this please
please update me with the ongoing match
339
i think point table is not updated for _date_ match between rcb and sunrise hyderabad
which team has more chances of winning _date_
Could you check if tickets are available in Thai airways ? Kolkata to Bangkok...for today and tomorrow..with ticket details
No I wanted ticket of any flight starting post 3
i want to know a route
Ticket price
any offers for electricity bill
Where is the alarm
send me minimum _numeral_ overs
gujarat playing wel isnt it
but still i didn't get the refund
movies at dilsukhnagar
what else u can do
k.. thanks!
but i was not informed about this before booking cab.....
Bogo on dominos
i wanna cancel that anniversary reminder
Please can you check ticket availability in Ahmedabad passenger from surat to Mumbai central on 8 sep (sleeper)
can you
kakinada tirupati passenger
what is d individual score of kohli
i want to see show time after 12pm
_date_ match schedulr
15 min
i m nt looking for train
Can you please find the rates for hotel samson
if there is any ipl match left in kotla
upcoming marathi movies
i tell u later
you this line to everyone ?
Give me a reminder
oky
giveme individual score
been to one
hi good morning....
to me only
"		i want to know availability and fare in ac 3 tier (3a) in train number 14660{product_id:14660_jp_dli,api_name:trains_api}"
can you please tell me what are the ticket options
than u
cancel the wake up call for sunday 10:40 am
Deeeeeeeeee
yes that will make the tournament more open
can you help me with few details
is any mela in sagar
hows u
is der ny offer on bill paymemt
nothing just ...hello
will u give some infornation abiut some plans
7830683426 voda up West. I need STD Voda minutes pack. Any unlimited plan if it's der.
thank you mrs. anjali
I igor, Make my trip or sometime clear trip. There are many. We have to compare.
nalasopara east
then this is useless for me
i want to see logan in english
I am looking for ac sleeper
at 5 am plz
"maine jo school ka naam bheja hai usme		aamasivani aadarsh nagar mova    likhaa haii  kya yha pe koi school nai hai kya"
hellow .. gd mrng
tell me the timing of small budget big makeover show on fyi channel
dont call
is me asa ho ta he ki kisi ka number du use reminder kar ne ke liye
location tel
can you give me a wakeup call everyday at the same time except wednesday and thursday?
most dot ball percentage of a team
Why it's recharge
The same reminder at 12.30
kenya airways
yoo
12707
i did everything in on time
pdf
Tel me train available from mumbai to Trivandrum
noops i asked fr did vs kkr
can u help me recharge
sure..
for my frnd
i want to link my account now
which players were playing now
pics for all are also not available
remind me to charge dslr battery at 9.30
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 712737, user_id: 1983840, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
today at 4 pm
Taxi service
sry i dont want to book sry
hiiii bro
am
trivandrum
i'll talk to them on phone i just need contact number
Best local call plan
i need cashless ride only
there is so many dates
not travel..dear m studnt nd i want room mko room chahiye ..mko rhna h
i want a cab.... may i know the offers
I cant recharge
cash available
i mean to sey 9000 for 3 rooms
i want to know about{task}
house no 1502, hig flats, sector 43b
current status of todays match
Tomorow train ticket hawda to mugalsarai train no.12303 date 25/9/2016
full details live
how to delete task
any offer on rail ticket.
this is for postpaid right?
ok let me think
still how many balls left for gujarat lions
it was mistaken
in betwn pune and mumbai
how many remainder you have set for me
wt is expected time of hari hara station
daily i need this call
ramesh mangal kendra
jio prime member ship information
how is it ?
12620 in this train same thing??
if they lose they are out of the tournament
winner
gym
thanks..for ur assistance
no thank u
in tamil
want to add reminders
Trains from badnera to jalgaon for tomorrow
I want to watch raaz reboot
give me the details of the player with runs
1bhk..600 sqft
could you update me with _date_ s ipl score
Remind me to collect documents from ramya on 22nd September
Hi can I pls know new movies running and released this week in English and hindi
Can u search from hubli
my last day today to pay bill
can you tell me _date_ s match shedule
finch play todays match
Need information pune to bhopal air tickets cheapest fare
Recharge for dongle
ipl ticket for rcb vs pune in bangalore
any shops in mahavir nagar kandivali
hws u
all movies released today
can you help find ipl sponser with teams
i want body massage centres in sri nagar colony hyderabad
send me the money payment method
absolute barbecue t nagar price
chilukuri balaji
but then y iam i not getting any alerts
do n t text me about cricket
Chennai to Tiruchirappalli flights on 18 September
i am not sure.but i want to know the fare from katpadi to salem
I want to go to Bangkok, Pattaya and phuket in March April 2017
semi finals in wankhede
why chenna and rajasthan are not playing vivo ipl _numeral_
for some goods
hi naresh
Other flight on 13th
please fast
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 578774, user_id: 1939260, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can we pay electric city bill also?
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 4 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 678129, user_id: 1960851, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
thanx ankita.
train offer still available??
any inox
Find me a SBI atm
Hey, can you remind me to call someone?{task}
not specific
Chicken curry
thanks saif
he lo
remind me to pay society dues on or before 30 march.
electricity
mahindra two wheeler service center in vadodara
Near King koti
k
i want the shows in hyderabad
on same no.
need 190 rc airtel.
Hai in lulu mall offer is there
it's in waiting list now
it is not redirecting to bank page
how much will it cost me ??
seats are not available
sasta sundar copun code
thanx ill do it later
Please call me 2 times
which movies can i see tonight near goregaon
divya no updates on score _date_
i need some information from your side
can u tell me about any offer for logan movie
i am new for this
dont forget bro
yes but how far from my place
find my location then we will discuss
Find me a nearest SBI atm
Please i need another reminder
ignore the second one
time for _date_ s ind vs aus match
yes l shall
i mean they ve better batsmen
ok no problem let it be
sorry not find hdfc atm
which day flights there
when is india oak match
hey I need train tickets
Need see current status of train tathkal
i need for 10 th march
how???
what is travel time of yuva express delhi to mumbai
will i get cashback with cash payment then
Hi need help with multiple web check in in adjacent seat preference.
Is nitya resort safe for couples
tell me the price of oil coller and turbo of old skoda octavia
canceelled ticket
who duck
Could you tell me the theater list of sully
yes it was
all teams all upcoming matches
I have already set an reminder for water
Deposit mission hdfc
wake up at 8:15 pm
mumbai indian kitana mach jiti hai
one more alert
just inform me when punjab take their _date_ wicket okay please
remove wakeup alarm
what s scpre
how much runs he scored
nice
hi are tickets available for the final match
Any bengali movie at avani riverside mall?
Can you please find out the best option to travel to Goa from Purulia Junction ,in West Bengal by train ?
I need apsrtc bus timings from chittoor to hyd
offer or what
i want to know whether my last transaction was successful or not
why there always problem with electricity bill payment. this is happening from last week with 2 different operator tried. assured that the problem resolved in 48 hrs but even after 5-6 days issue is not resolved.
Any discount coupons on recharge?  Paytm freecharge mobikwil or any other
who are you
chutneys
veg restaurant
i just want to confirm that i am not getting notifications on my screen of this app
station family camp pune to hadapsar bus stop
so quick reaponse
is it lowest fare?
nagarkovil cap service
who is the highest scorer so far
Remind me to call dr iyer at 10 am .
i have one question
4/16/2017
sorry changed plans
can you please let me know how far is purple metrolink stop from my location?
Nearest gym
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 06:00 am { reminder_list: 704962, user_id: 1981804, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
"vapi to songadh	12th march	6 adults"
players names bating bowling sab details send kijiye
I want to order from Domino's Pizza.
i wanted to know nearby skating training centres
reminder for 3pm tomorrow to give aayushman cookies
and another at 1:30 please
nagar gohana
from jammu to delhi
_date_ match sore card
bye
Can i know the departure timings of bangalore trains
is this refund amount or cancelled amount?
Where can I get boiled eggs...??
can you remind me for exercise
i booked ola cab in just @209
in nagpur
what was the score _date_ in first _numeral_ overs
there is a problem with your thumbnail picture
recharge 20
i don't want to book later
kanchipuram
650 i go to dehli
Hey you can assist with train bookings as well?
does this work outside mumbai?
2657025499
Hey Show me list of all movies timing running in Rupasi Cinema Hall
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 05:50 am { reminder_list: 667095, user_id: 1970390, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
sorry i thought its for ipl
koi offer
Sleepers class avaliable any train
I've Tata DoCoMo, n i need data plans
loving haptik and you guys as well awesome app
milan me booking karwana he
an epic match
i want to know slv book shop number in tirupati
where is lenevo care in patna
can you remind me when india v s bangladesh match starts
don't remind
ma 1st year  time table from allahabad university
hey nishant could u tell me
what's cheapest time to travel to goa from  delhi
need ola
waooo
Ticket price in inbox Garda mall
no i want it at fatty bao at kamala mills
need a hotel booking
who own _date_ s match
Can you check for 1st Jan on same train
what s about mumbai vs gujrat
my plan changed and shifted to 12 march
at venue shri satya sai baba auditorium...lodhi road, bhishm pitamah marg, new delhi, delhi 110003
any promo code today
wl then no
Dth rechrage os dish tv
Hyderabad to dammam chiefs flights tickets how MUCH now
can u tell me.
update live scor of the match dd vs gl
sai colony
moshi pune
yes share
pizza places
Remind me to call Dhiraj and Archana late afternoon
which is not available in this
i asked
tommarows match schedule
noon
Want to plan a solo trip to Goa from pune
yes wake up morning
butter chicken
can you please find me the nearest metro station
Reminder to deposit cheque tomorrow at 12 noon
thank you ishita.will you please help me how to go there from howrah maidan
money express
where is my train, no75717
today at 9 remind me to complete jury process
koto kore
thanks for enquiry
name some new horror movie
keep it up
Need pizza
at l b nagar
i will let u knw
i need hotel
wer is my time 2
budget less than 1200
sure you too thanks for your help
are i am asking that can i send money to different account not to same account from which i added
Can u tell me about nearest reliance store for purchase a Gio sim card
from tirupathi to hyderabad on 8th march ..2 adults 1 infant having 1 month age
detailed score board
can you check _numeral_ result cbsw for me
Any good hotels in Thiruanabthapuram keral budget 1000 per day
nz is on fire
Need a  month validity plan of vodafone haryana 3G for 9671443257
191112
plz give me details about jio prime recharge
i want a ticket to punlur kollam
11/13/2017
who will play semifinal at delhi gp _numeral_ vs gp _numeral_ or gp _numeral_ vs go _numeral_
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for tue, 07 march at 08:16 am { reminder_list: 668965, user_id: 1580456, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
who can come home in khar
i've not received my ticket try on my email of yesterday's flight booking. day after tomorrow i've my flight and yet i don't have tickets. this is enough.
but i dont want to have domino's
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 10:47 pm { reminder_list: 726932, user_id: 1972564, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
thnku
rpsg matches
i am saying i need drink water reminder through calls not through massages
don't know from tomorrow which movie will be playing
no thnk u have a tight sleep...a very goof nt reshma
hi! i want to recharge my phone.{task}
mam everything okay
I want to know fare of flight
in detail with name of player
I want nearby atm
lekin  kyun pahucha nahin sir maine paytm se transfer kiya turant pahuch gaya
location gulbarga
Kindly tell me the status of flight 6E791, raipur to banglore, tomorrow.
i want to know the fare details
Petrol pump
true that nstill either of the west indies or new zealand appear to be winning this time
who's taking to me?
what's your whatsapp no?
send me the results of quarter finals
"		i would like to cancel my call ll reminder for sat, 04 march at 07:00 am { reminder_list: 687860, user_id: 1967712, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
please let me know
hey babes
I want menu of lanterns rajendra place
it's too costly ll u gay's r collecting any extra money for booking and all
after gl winning
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 05:40 pm { reminder_list: 684975, user_id: 1977914, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
thanks daniel
sorry don't cancel
From udaipur to jodhpur on 18november night
i want to cancel the above ticket
I want reminder
we need together
how will win ipl
once again
Hi I have booked an air ticket from Hyderabad to milan 1 month back. Now due to some changes in my schedule I wanted to shift the date of travel. Can I know how much will the charge for it ? And how to do it ?
what do you think about srh
rcb vs rps
dont remind anytyn
cancel all reminders
Book movie tickets
can you please speak to some mithai shop near my location and confirm
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 08:00 am { reminder_list: 701839, user_id: 1765396, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
looking for unique cafes
"f 501 , vandematram homes , chenpur road , new ranip . 	i want burger . if possible than order ."
what is the next time for drinking water for me?
i'm going alone
i'd like to the menu of pizza hut
you can check
thank uuuuu
I need girlfriend to watch movies in theater
Please check the arival time of train Jhelum exp at Bhopal
hii kanishk
portblayer
i will get you know once i confirm
ok pls give 10 min
movie shows in nellore
i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 08:00 am { reminder_list: 562068, user_id: 1933327, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
yes 👍🏻
bb salon
remind to start engine tomorrow at 8 am
ticket amt is 5932.
thanks shruti..
micro cab
who ll win _date_ s match
ஹாய்
UBI ATM
Hi please tell me Chennai to kerala train timing 26/10/2016 and available and ticket fare
any option for tiffin servived
any best restaurant in allahabad
I want to book flights tickets to Goa for coming saturday
so gujarat lions win the match
defence quota
any offers on flights ?
is there ticket available for logan at crown theater calicut
any other lenovo service center which is close to viman nagar,pune?
I don't want an alarm at 4am
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 11:00 am { reminder_list: 702126, user_id: 1981378, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
will get in touch with soon
"		i would like to cancel my reminder to 'bill payment' for sat, 04 march at 01:00 pm { reminder_list: 684301, user_id: 1964988, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Plz stop all the reminder
after one hour
Train no 17487 running status
text me wen the first ball is bowled
Balance daalte kya
any response
Check this train
Set alarm for today not tomorrow
passenger sirsa to delhi
tell me soon
i don't recieved mail up to now
i have already given
i want a ps3 repair home service
want to stop drink water reminder
motorcycle .....bike
book a cab for me
Need to order a pizza
any offera
wake up call cancel
what is the package cost for paris for 2 people for 5 nights
3444
i want to purchase hyundai santro back shock absorber 1999 model lam in tirunelveli
when are the semifinals of t _numeral_
hi, i want to book uberpool - 1 seat {product_id:59e13de0-823e-4856-b031-073305dd6c07, api_name:uber, product_name:uberpool - 1 seat, seat_count:1}
I want to go to shantiniketan tomorrow at around 10-11.which trains are available ??
r u my pa
ae bon, aamaake delhi jaabaar aache....aapni ki ektu bolte paarben ki ticket ache ki naa
thanks good night
Everyday reminder
and first match
i wnt a map from civic centre to treasure island mall
pls remind me tomorrow 10:30 to clear youtube history of my office system
can u tell me which movie is going to release on 3rd
todays gayle score
please send me narayana hrudalaya hospital phone number to opd
I want to know about nearest sbi atm
no need . thks
i am looking for something nearby
not fair
another suggestion pls
my ticket have to confirm but i didn't get my seat no can u help me plz
train scheduled for chandrapur to bhopal
Delhi to nazran or nazran se aba date 4 oct guest 1
need a cab
Timing for
whats the salary
any cashback offers
hey i want a hotel.can you give me details????
please show me one way flights from new delhi to srinagar
"hey may i know 	nokia service center"
Please find if Roerich hotel Koramangala provides entry to unmarried couples with valid ID proof
rajkot to mumbai
thanks wasim.
if i can pay as 1500
i want to no the cost of bus from chennai to mahabalipuram
hi sandeep
can i get the score updates for tommorows match
bus*
I need door delivery food shop in tamilnadu Kovilpatti
who won last iplmatches
who will win
i want to book the movie tickets right now
nungambakkam branch
tomorrow cricket match westindes and england match coming on tv or not
please keep updating me about ipl matches results
_date_ kiska match ha
kya aap bta skti hain ki mujhe hotel delight inn andheri west mumbai jana hai to main dadar station se pehle or koi station me utar skta hu jo pass pde
no this is not my location
no just checking my bill due date is 15 just wanted to know offers
what is the last metro departs at from the cmbt metro station to airport?
will u tell me about hotel sangam?
what is 2sl in train
are these factories?
want to watch live match in rajkot
check the availability for srhvs rcb
or only can chat in english?
book it
4/27/2017
we are 4 members
12471 swaraj express
okay check
okay
set a reminder at 11 every day computer tuitions
Pl update the train running status of train no.12462
stop wakeup calls
where should i apply the code?
"		i would like to cancel my reminder to 'study' for everyday at 09:00 pm { reminder_list: 633032, user_id: 1961556, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
microwave oven service center in solapur
wanna order pizza
need to do 2 recharge
khade lun.. p dhokha
Could u find a restaurant for me
Remainder to send mail to college at 11:00 am today only
hi sneha
i need ticket from agra rkm to nzm
There is no HDFC atm here
am i eligible for
tell me the score akash
Give me the shortest way to rich shadipur metro station  from nizamuddin railway station by metro
Delay the reminder to drink water.. Make it on every half an hour
thanks to you and your team
no i dont want to cancel it
what is the timing for final match
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 713172, user_id: 1983897, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
may i know the movie review of rangoon?
Please Get me options for hotel in Ahmedabad city
i not want to wasted time daily for rs50
arrey kab tak valid h ?
please wait
Any nearby mobile service centre?
pune next match
i have one child
have got a meeting at elegance on tuesday at 8 pm
match scheduled for tmrw
kkr all matches details
ya bt m not looking for train
if possible means i will contact
call me 6.10am
nearby tony and guy salon
hi train tickets please
Bus from bilaspur to kangraafter 11 am
I want to book a bus in d next few days to travel from Dahisar till Thane, Ghodbunder....can u help me d contact no's
tell me if i buy this what offer i get
thanx mam
how is eden gardens pumping out for the final
What is arrival time of train anvt garibrath ...
forget if
umm.. oohkie
sorry just checking
how the hell kolkata lost
hi
tell me one thing....
When is dodmane hudga relasing
wake me at 3:04
which player have the orange cap
wats the score of the current match
thanks. i ll take care of it
"18234 narmada exp 	a/c 3 seat avilibal"
really thanks hasan
Hey, I want to recharge my postpaid phone.
Westend mall waves
Now Movies At Mg Club
hey, can you find me the cheapest flights available?{task}
Yesterday I checked the seat availability with your team member. He said 39 seats available
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 07:30 am { reminder_list: 686173, user_id: 1795780, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
opener
yes kindly update me with the scores
not have
telugu movies list
i want pristine mall's or crown interior's show timing
I want 2 seats
Can u guide on dth recharge
sagar suggest some best movie in recent time
find me a kfc nearby
any offera?
sry...i am new to this app....
reminder. to call
Movie review
i want to see kiss kiss ko pyar kru
mention not mam
can i get the location of this address:- 80 mig dda flats,suraj apartments,surajkund road (pul pehladpur) new delhi
i need to do web check in
ahmedabad railway station
no thanks 😊
okay thank you keep updating me
i mean the previous matches btw kkr vs srh
ok thanks but i dont travel
I need to book hotel in goa
i want is match in finale is for who who
this reminder again for tomorrow
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for everyday at 11:00 pm { reminder_list: 215083, user_id: 1575644, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
hey khusboo
Is there any trains from tpty to dmm for today
my key broke in my lock
hello guys
hi umang
okay let it be
i need to do an online chevk in
ah
okh
dont distrub
who are in ipl pune sqaud
17255
don't book
no cash in those atms
barclays premier league table please
for payment
director
may i knw to prevoius match result
coupon??
i didn got cash back
can't ur apps retrieve
Cab to pune
i dnt knw
train status now
score update for current match please
can u wake me up at 5 am
daily reminder
What is the data plan of 125 in airtel
"and also, can	you tell me the flight status if it's on time"
show me the todays players whos r playing
can u plz check boys pg in sec 38 gurgaon
rohit sharma triva define
kaha par h
10.30 am
Book for sl class
what is distance my location to dm hospital
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 703345, user_id: 1981526, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
everyday. every two hours.
not ac seating
sss
which team record is best west indies india or england
can you send the points table
i want a repair person.
I need discounts in domestic flights
I have a weighing machine which is not working can you please arrange for the repairs?
Looking for water geyser
sorry bymistake
i am looking for gym near nerul station
matches tomrow
approx 2.5 ft each
dont know only i want to go for movie with my family
I cant found chinese menu
i want some good hair dressing stores near me
is it the fare of only one side , pune- patna?
can u help out
scorecard also
ok thanks for information
Morning earliest train from kanpur to Delhi
Plz send me menu card of hotel pearl
is any service in two wheeler in pune like zoom car
I want to book a ticket from LTT to PBH on 28 november and want a return ticket on 9 December
nursery near me
ok thanks a lot
bt on my earlier no. i had received cashback only on 1 ride
i want to go to icici bank nodia sector 63
Are there any trains available for tomorrow early in the morning from Udupi to Madgaon?
Pls activate DND on my phone.
is ka transle chaiye hindi to english
thank you sneha 😊
you told me that after _numeral_ m i will tell score
yes thank u vandana
is it in india only or outside the country as well
no, i want hdfc bank atm section
can i buy tickets
in between of bangalore can't to guntur station
Plz remove all reminders
Hey what are the rate of tickets in noida
Give me the train timings from Tambaram to beach station
areyyy chutia mohit kaisa h re
gujarati movie
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for every monday at 08:30 am { reminder_list: 566698, user_id: 1454360, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
please send regular updates
my last recharge of 100 rs dth
Can I get some tea in belapur delivered
I want to remind me for this daily
flight 31 may varanasi to bangalore, chepest one..any time
do we have offer onfassos
please change it to 2 members
it is nitin
amm sale is at 12 noon can you please remind me at 11am?
superb app
is there any tolet
Is there any train kochi to chennai egmore
can you get me the updates score
Any uber discount coupons ?
I want a flight on 3rd of feb
hi show me movies in jazz cinemas.in
Captain America prints
pak india
Remain me to take fan to telagoan
awesome app
thank you so much a
Place the order
i don't want to wake up
location - b 9/1a, rasoolpur nawada, industrial area, sector 62
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 689479, user_id: 1972696, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
do you guy order online from domino's pizza?
i need moto service center
r u the same reshma?
can you tell me the ground in which south africa and england played
Can i have good veg restaurants in koregoan park
is bangalore kanyakumari express on right time
i want everyday
i havents received my ₹50 cashback for the first recharge
Name the reminder BOOZE
Bhopal express
business
How many wake up calls can i set?
i'll use later
sakshi pls answer
maharashtra 411021
15 September ko Aashram express mein sleeper ticket available hai ?
i want to jama masjid
rcb team list
remind me to pick up cough syrup for shaurya at 5 pm today
how much time you need ? 😑
is it done??
Could you look for a Volvo on make my trip
I have a flight from Mumbai to Bengaluru
offers on rail booking?
can i get passes of ipl
hey i've just been back from a long tiring journey..  i would really appreciate it if you wouldn't send me any notifications or call till the end of the day today..
score card of gujrat
I need to go tirunelveli on Oct 7th eve
Train running status of train no 22407
from tomorrow
Pvr latur
i want kuzhimanthi dish
i want to know about the ielts training centres at chenna
can u tell me one thing
bhai maine ap k yaha se 2 ticket book kiya tha ushe cancell kar na hai
when is next india vs pakistan match
i want to web check in
this is for tomorrow!
thank you shruti
ohh thanks
bhai theka nhi smjhta ...wine shop
Neer dose timings on rockline mall
I want to disconnect reminders via calls
Can u plz tell me train from moradabad to delhi
cooltrailer
we want later
I want to know about the AC services nearby
i haven't received cash back for my last ola ride
patna to jammu date 05 march
tomorrow on 2 pm going to ramlila ground
let me know the live score when the match starts
hyyy
Thanxs is 63 upper berth
ise english me kaise likhe
howrah to dhanbad
ga
ahemdabad to chennai  flights 10/3/17
what offers ?
is my recharge confirmed??
hello bance enka raledhu
remind me of an appointment
plz tell is there any prior appointment possibility while going to gb road??
Cancel my reminder at 8:00
at alipurduar
yes, thank you
can u help me
I want to order food for home delivery
Khaana chaiye daal   roti dukan btao koi
none
restaurant nearby
poor services👍
I want menu of celebration hotel
What's the best bill payment service with cash back and other offers?
is there any offers on dth recharge
at that time
are u mad i give pic up. location china mandir bus stop
i'm facing problem in my hp printers
Icici atm
i'm in a journey
could u wake me up after 20mints ?
that's all i want to schedule for tomorrow
but i have meeting at  am.so you have to call before that
may i know ur name
it's reverse
i need to go to tittos help me with direction
alright
yes please
keep updating me abt score
can you giv me ipl fixtures
 hey, can you find me the nearest train station?{task}
no quotes received
no thanc
is it possible to twl cash is there or no?
Need vegetarian food courts
it's wrong pickup
Tx remain lemon tea
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 727910, user_id: 1986946, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Would there be any Volvo of the state tourism...on 27th of October? From new Delhi to Lucknow
tea is not good there
today 8:45pm
i need detailed score of first innings
address
Wt are the movies Arrs
can you please not write mi opt to bowl first
Full Taltime offer in tata Docomo
near to my house
how r u ??????
is any circus shows play near ghatkopar
3/7/2017
i want to know the ratings of above specified movies
i want window seat
can i get that cab decorated with flowers?
show timing
how can i use the wallet amount in haptik to book my movie tickets
inox nashik phone number pls
just received the messages. low network. trying to chk
no receive
who won _date_ s match b w mumbai and pune
can you pls check the pnr status now 2655593486
"		i want to know availability and fare in ac 3 tier (3a) in train number 12621{product_id:12621_mas_ndls,api_name:trains_api}"
trains to kozhikode from trissur
chennai to jaipur train ballarsha se kitne baje nikalti hai aur sewagram kitne baje pahunchti hai
that's am
please show me trains from ggj to adi for sleeper (sl) on 10-04-2017.
Availability of driver for going to lucknow
my pick up is thivim
Hey i wanted to know about hotels in ooty and discounts too
i would like to know nearby beautyparlor
i need money
koi 200 m nahi hai kya
how will dis app help me
thank u lot
that's all
i want to print my flight ticlet
movies in kakinada
ipl match tickit
latest point table after rcb vs kkr match
can u find where is state bank hyderabad in dharwad karnataka india
i have one more ticket but it is booked from other account...can u cancle it if i provide u details??
thank you sayali for update me cricket
GPS check at 9 am
thanks..u
actually i need detail about train for calcutta
fruit salad
Send me out best tarif available to me for 3g net ...airtel 9940251438
Hi I need to reach Kanpur airport by 3 pm tomorrow
I need a train for tonight from Ludhiana to delhi
may i know any offers on act bill payment
check the status of jan shatabdi express on 5 evening from birur jn
hi shruti... i need help for healthy food list
wt dng
which is _date_ match
please show me cabs from other providers.{api_name:ola}
today i have to need 2 seats from new mumbai to goa for bus after 8pm to 9pm
1 hrs
can you send me the score card
tq meenakshi
Do you book tatkal tickets
in which plateform will gorakhdham exp. arrive
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 05:00 am { reminder_list: 692282, user_id: 1979532, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
a
not this time
but drop detalls ? u dont need it
one thing
that's awesome
when was establishednagarparshid of wasim
please give me any coupon code for postpaid recharge
delhi to mumbai
Plz dismiss this reminder
logus...bill date changed
tume table of india vs zimbabwe t _numeral_ series
i'm searching for telugu movie
kalupur railway station
already tried
remind me on monday at 12:00 pm to inform divyang that time is booked on sci code
i want from mettupalayam to ooty
of electricity
Salem to banglore now available bus service
please keep me updated with ind vs nz scores
is this for per night??
cancel task 2
I will like to travel in december on 2nd
Find me a footwear shop
that's all, thanks
can you please tell me the restaurants which provides home delivery
want to get a new reliance sim
Please help me find the cheapest budget hotel in al barsha dubai for two nights 21 & 22 Sept 2016
will you be available all the time
lt me knw the tymngs and rates
kay kay train thi
My nearest hotel
receipt?
upcoming thutsday
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 04:30 pm { reminder_list: 724384, user_id: 1986296, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Taj express from Jhansi to hazard Nizamuddin
find me flight for
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 695293, user_id: 1980328, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can i know _date_ s score
sabse pehle meko refer n earn k barre m btao haptikk k
no today & tomorrow only
i'm looking for a flight
ok. so tell me about useful apps
even u r from mumbai?
kaha delhi to patna  ka kaisi book hoga
remind me to apply for sbi po exam on sunday tomorrow
Dhanbad to pune
what is ghazi attack about?
i need to book ipl ticket ncan you help me out
_date_ s update about t- _numeral_
Hotels
i want 7 tickets
sir name?
I am service provider in IT sales and services. I received a cal for videocon CRT TV. .issue:- Appear green color
i want only chicken noodle
homemade lunch
i want highlights archana
how are uh
i want to know about next match
latest score update please
say abt joe
13 Th
Hey, I want to book train tickets.{task}
nahi
where you from
how i you
Show me its route from mumbai to delhi
whats the time for match
Well i am looking for dth recharge
please send me a live score
grateful pls remind the to do list only by sms twice a day 12 00 pm n 330 pm
pls tell me review
can u provide nearst bsnl office address and contact num
any coupon code for freecharge pay eb
can you give me a wake up call
today at 5 16
remind me tomorrow to pay the bill on 10 pm
can you please hlp me wth scores pl
no team in particular yaar
puneet books
i need tickets for day after s india-pak match
how to make other payment through other mode ?
Hii pioneer, can you please check if I go from Bangalore to Vadodara by car, then how much toll tax I have to pay during journey
Hi , I plan to travel Delhi and Agra and nearby places from Oct 2nd for 4d/5n .can you help me in planning. I stay in Hyd. Have two kids and would like to have a relaxed trip with Taj and Delhi sight seeing as mandatory. Would like to travel by flight
what you think which team will win _date_
pls remind me at 4:30 pm on today
I want package for jaiput
plz show me my task
you are not getting me
thanks a lot for your service
army kota applicable or not
who won the last match bw srh nd gl
Tell me the coach and seat no.of pnr no.8538466897
I need train from Dhemaji to laimekuri today
But  I have  tatkal  quota
gd
regarding the offer on bill payment
pnr:8544046551
commando2 rating?
send me den cable dehradun all channel list
can i recommend my friend there
i'm asking something and you're telling me something else
can u help me with web check-in
?????
right now in 22 sector
no nw wait till d nxt match
aus vs pak
well i can just write ipl in google search and get the results much much faster than that why should i prefer haptic then
i just want to know about this app
paramathi velur
yes its on
can u post check one status
Dnt call plzzz any time
i want to isd recharge plans of idea cellular in maharashtra circle..can you give me details of this
सर जी हम ऑनलाइन क्या चीज का आर्डर बुक कर कर सकते हैं
Tomorrow shows in movie time
Remind me for customer demand planning meeting on 28th sep 2016 @ 8:45 am
there is one train right
kal kiska hai
tomorrow is the 21 day ceremony (naming ceremony)of my new born baby girl..
pnr s9ukxc. last name upadhyay
can u help me with my electricity bill payment issue
basha?
no plan
Any veg non veg hotel
tank u shruti
can you show me _date_ s schedule
hasan
have you gone mad already sunrisers hyderabad won
Is there any restaurant open at night with home delivery
Nandurbar
Find nearest petrol pump near me
firangi movie kab rlse hgi????
yest match
who is leading run scorer this season
what the hell chris gayle is doing
yes i'm doing well
i dont have train number
Please check flight tkt for kolkatta on 2 oct on best price
ya cost how much
can i get the atm nearby which dispatches only 100 rupee currency notes ?
Punjab national bank atm is also their
runs required and balls left
Can u plzz tell me the train running status..???
Can you tell me about the Best plans of airtel
Right now is there any flight available from VIJAYAWADA to Hyderabad
please stop ipl in maharashtra
that one is closed now..
and one more 8.05 plz
the one u said me befor
One more reminder for my daughters school timings 7am everyday
Kidari tamil film
Can you send me the time table of the same train?
Delhi place to travel
any offer for today
want to cancel tomorrow not today
ma'am i want to book ola micro
hi i have applied for the code but i didnt get any discount or amount credited in my wallet
need cab with offers
kkr rcb score bord
jio prime subscription can we avail?
not very pleased with the choices you sent
can you help me with the scorecard of _date_ s match
here it is mentioned cost like..cost for two is 400
get me their toll free
you too...just checking can we meet to discuss further please
i want to buy a business coat! can u assist me to locate the nearest business coat available shops?
ya sure will let u know as soon as i finalise
Can I get cheese pizza?
i want discount on food
Cancel this reminder
can i get a cab at my place ryt now?
remind tommorow mrng at 8 am
Please tell me near by syndicate bank
patanchervu near
tqsm
mananthavady bus detail
no thanc
2nd sleeper
if i want to book can ride via haptik
Can i get the train name of 22656
99rs
how to delete an wake up alarm
need to check cab offers
one of my friend was there her name was khushboo .she was my best friend .so i was feeling happy to chat with you.
is it possible change the mobile no from old no to new no or i have to register separately...
who won kkr vs hyderabad match
Hey.. I need to find the nearest reliance store.. Along with the contact details
i want to know about samsung electronics show room near by
i want to order from shabri
atm in madhapur
Does Pataliputra train available from Gkp to Patna
what are the chances on getting this ticket confirm
Nearby good restraunts
prithvi juhu menu
need immidiate ride to airport
i want current score table
Please book 2 tickets for 11026 ..
I wanna watch pink movie there is any discount
yup :d
please issue his boarding pass
remind me later
how much?
thankyou😊
score khud se bata diya karo behen
it was so inconvenient
Find me train from Hyd to kurnool tomorrow
after an hour would be good.
hey who is playing _date_
for study
pub
Want to order food
tbm to vri
mysore to madhurai
when does bandra bhavnagar train reach andheri?
have a nice day too, thank you
bus services
after one hour in each hour
to which team you r supporting
i want to now
i m talking about cesc bill
i want to know flights for goa 27th december
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for fri, 03 march at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 692518-692519-692520-692521-692522-692523-692524-692525-692526-692527-692528, user_id: 1979087, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
all reminders
yearly
gwalior to haridwar
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 03:00 pm { reminder_list: 279891, user_id: 1848313, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
I want iru mugam film
plz give me tha list of thriller hollywood movies
yeah thank you so much
Nearest Reliance Jio store
I want to visit Chennai on 18 of this month by flight please suggest best rates and timings
no it says 7 days and i have received it on 25 feb. so what actual day to expire it
Are any new films releasing on friday
acne uv gel
cheapest rates pls
can i know the current run rate
Remind me to register for psc exam at night 7 pm
If we can up down same day then what is fair of flight
Asus tablet service centre in kammanahalli
who is the player of mumbai indians
is this ride a cash ride or paytm?
nalgonda
please book two ticketsfor the finals
when will gambhir play for india at international level
tell me the updates of the match
change it
yes good afternoon
good morning nalini
hey what do you think pune will bounce back or this will be end of dhoni s captancy
I want 3 wake up calls for 29th Aug
ya sure. tq
hi .could you please set a reminder for me
Forget that reminder
I want to book 3 tickets from Anand to Mumbai on 28Th late night
tell me tha timing of indian railway
movie theatre
Abi raamdrvra to bikaner ki koi train batao
Bandhan bank nearby
also at 2.35 am
And day after again at 11 am
kis na jeta match
as in i need bank of america andheri branch number
did mumbai lost their last game
if the match resumes within _numeral_ mins
show the cheapest on top
Lenovo service station?
i am not able to choose pick up
buses??
hai get me
please read it carefully i need to know the cancelation status
meet someone
which team will win _date_ nsrh or gujarath
near by wine shops
5o% cash back offer validity?
i want reminders of "medicines" on friday and tuesday.. for 20 days from now
I Would you like to check the show timings of pink movie one at here nearby theaters
soo i wont require the updates
The guy came and said he will come back with the required part today or in a day or two depending upon availability
fastrack show room
why money refunded
any cost u want
dep on 4th eve
bus mumbai to shivmgga
Plz update on actual time of arrival if flight no AI 16 del-atq today
sugest me which team will won todays match
Dominos nearby
please let me know kkr next match
i want to change the destination
nothing all i like some.comedy buzz movie and i.think its all.movies are dramatic and action thriller.movie.right kaushik
i haven't received my order yet
How track an order frm "StreetStyleStore"?!
my first ride is already done..
Tell me rates and availability in train number 12413 in 3A and SL for 9th october
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 05:00 am { reminder_list: 687118, user_id: 1833886, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
remind me for my meeting at 4 pm today
Non AC bus
by when will i get final call
coupon?
remind me to get my metro card recharged by evening
fake call
Then why you booked in C row instead of booking in E row??
thanks for screening the information
Any ola/uber coupons available ?
i am not much happier with the reviewes
i have bus booking options
can u share pizza hut contact near by
power bank plz
"is there any flight btw surat to new delhi 		and		new delhi to chandigarh 	on 25 th april 2017"
Hi, I have paid 955 for tatkal for Nethravati on 9th. But, the ticket was not booked. The amount is debited.
Hi I have booked a flight from Hyderabad to milan 2months back and I have cancelled it a week back. I didn't get refund yet can you please help me with this
Hey remind me to check tomorrow for cheesy bread roll tomorrow on hebbar's ...at 11am.
hi _date_ who will the match ipl
byer
tv
I want to ask you other question than remainder
list of indian players with their strike rate
btw same to you
recharge successful?
i want zumba classes
yi
not sure....provide me number i shall contact
thnx...
any deals on food?
lko to kolkata
detailed score
i dnt have any ticket
who was the winner _date_
katras
who do you think will win _date_
focus and concentrate
no cancel
orthopaedic surgen
hi monica
Airtel 3g recharge plans
it s not latest
can u book cab in utoo
oppo cricret scores
can i get a bus...
Can u give pkg tour kanyakumaia & cochin from Mumbai with airfare from 7th Oct to 13th Oct for 2
after rains
icici bank
what about kolkata
near cp?
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 614933, user_id: 1945991, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can pls suggest me pune to goa
regular golden delight
pearl city express
cabs ke
india is out of the worldcup
xoxo
i want to order milkshake
what will be the fair
isse kum fare
any discount available
logan in vellore
accha ji
the offer valid for telangana state r not
who is the highest scorer in ipl
Where can i get reliance jio sim
please sent he paymebt link for 399 buffey
Any date
can i book through haptik
Reminder for what?
nai or kus nai
6 am early morn3
i use prepaid
hindi me batao
dats all for now
ticket price
till when is it open
What's the cost of ticket after discount
i just filled this in.
it is avail in my location??
april 10th
Library near dattawadi
promo code not valid
call at 1 pm today to fill my goal sheet
pl
no..i am looking for the flight details of the tickets just now booked by me
we are 6 member s need to book a table
yes i need 15% codw
afternoon 1.00pm
hello my luv..😊
what my reminder is remaining
will get back later
please reach station now
kar do bhai
keep me updated every over thank you
sure wasim
order through you or directly
punjab vs srh scorecard please
ok ..thank u..
okay itz okay
Nearby police station
why everytime
can you get me info bout todays ipl match
rcb pe _numeral_ rs
today , at 7.15pm
i ask you something
i need men's parlour
Can you book 5 tickets
does haptik support reliance jio recharge
howrah to delhi. fast and cheap
any deliveries nearby apart from dominoes
i need to book ticket from chennai to trichy
other mode means
what's about it
no madam. i want it later or next month
Checkout 13th
i do support team mumbai indians
ooooo
Is there any offer on flights?
Hey can u remind me on Tuesday
off this reminder
Set a reminder for this train
i was asking for a ipl t20 cricket tickets
help me with any other code
i have to do
gulbarga to bbs
it's ok
Is this inclusive of flight
I need 3 barota nd one butterscotch milkshake
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 06:15 am { reminder_list: 711471, user_id: 1983485, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
price per ticket?
thank u so much u help me a lot
its amazing. you guys keep up the good work.
hey can you please tell me if there are any matches in nagpur
what r the prices
Hotel pk sarover
srinagar jammu & kashmir
Any tamil movie currently screen
do you help me
score ka
my cancellation charge didn't came to my accnt
mam scre board pathawa na
no cash payment means i have to deposit in ur wallet
pnr no. 2809360116
whc team r playin tdy
you too...
"so u guys haven't received receipt even after 55 hours 			hats off"
8156852489
can i get a carpenter?
inki ho gyi death ye bta rha hu
6:30am can u?
Dtdc courier service near me
delhi kotla
refral code not working
can u send me the best honeymoon package trips?
Wr this train hv reached
remind me to call tomorrow at 2 pm
how to call some one through voice call
please checl for me i habe got information that their is ipl matches on _numeral_ may _numeral_
are you able to get the confirmation ?
me want help
call ashutosh at 10 am
kolkata knight riders overs
i want to order some food from china inbox
i dint got a rate chart
this
Remind me to take 3500rs.from Sachin on 1st Oct 2016 on 10.00am
i want dhoni life history
i want the reason why the chennai super king is not there in ipl
in rudrapur
"wish birthday	name: manisha	date: march 2, 2018	time: 12 00 am"
can you help me with a few decent places in gandinagar or ahmedabad from which i can get my ear pierced ?
any offers on movie
i am sorry....i went offline fr a moment
study chemistry
no i am sorry that was by mistake pooja
can you say me afterwards who will win the world s cup match
no thank you just wanted to know whose playing _date_
on 9th or 10th march
pls remind me at 4:30 pm on today
Can you order me a single veg combo pizza form dominos?
not play in my area
hi hey what s the current score
thanks for trailer.
wake me in 3 hours
is it safe to save card details on haptic
not know i vl text when i want
can yu say the jio sim offer is how long
hey pls add money in my paytm ac
Samsung mobile service centre
any offer on any site on booking train ticket
What is waiting list for nellai exp... Chennai Egmore to thirunelveli
give me a free recharge coupon
24hrs open medical shop
mam its saying that
hii, thanks. can you please wake me up at 8
Pls remind me every 3 days about this pnr
not now bro
any offers for mobile bill payment
call me at 2pm today
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 702016, user_id: 1981365, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
result of _date_ s match rcb vs dd please
how much run need to win
call twice
review pls
,☺
ola money
i have an air india flight booked for march 5,2017.i want to reschedule that flight to march 4,2017 with same timings.how much extra amount i need to pay for that?
nearby restaurant
i have a jio sim card so no need to recharge. and i know you too
every _numeral_ mins i nid the update
bus fatehabad to delhi
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 702151, user_id: 1980999, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Sai cafe
they have scheduled a visit for tomorrow
between new delhi and chandigarh
i need updated table
yup sure will infrm you
sarvottam nagar  sabarmati  ahmedabad
Stop wake up alarm
22 (b)
hi it was not made through this id
theator
yup
its cmr central, maddelapalem
thank u shruti
I want to cancel my ticket
refund kb aayga
_date_ ke match ki ticket mil sakti h
remind me to check for cash at 3:15 pm today
3pm and remind to cancel membership
i want in big cinema only
who won _date_ delhi or mumbai
sorry puneet need to cancel the tickets i booked sometime back
thursday flight....surat to bhavnagar.....and give me flight rate
but he is showing nagpur location
12/30/1899
hii khusbu how are you
hey what are the play offs dates
what the hell is this
Gadgets
i am gng out on cp today... any good place to go for a date ?
can you find me a property lawyer in byculla mumbai who is open on saturday?
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 713433, user_id: 1983963, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
wht about the score
can you call me now
Deals in exchange mobile offers please
keep me updated to live match scores
my fortune hotel in banglore near by wine beer shop tell me
gl vs mumbai
this is for day
what is the schedule of rcbs match
it s bangladesh vs
required train ticket
hmmm that atms are not working
😑
"		i would like to cancel my call bsnl reminder for sat, 04 march at 12:00 pm { reminder_list: 705662, user_id: 1982004, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
call me continuously until i wake up
thursday 6 am
What's the status ?
how to travel to ulhasnagar from andheri
ok tnkzz
i have axis bank credit card
current over
this is wrong table ncheck and resend
vindhyawasni gomti nagar
but do not work at the time of recharging
please date change
rest my to do list
cost
Find next train for me manmad to nashik genral quota
ma'am
ya bank k account me
Near wine shop in Mahipalpur?
i would like to cancel my reminder for everyday at 04:05 am { reminder_list: 385311, user_id: 1304221, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
ankita
cc
thank u ronak
Can you tell me whether I can book a tatkal ticket?
take sim
okay leave it next time will be see
in telugu
who all r in the strike
hiii deepti
i just want for dinner
can u find me idbi atm near me
Call me. Ok
i dnt want to book flyight ticket
dangal
batting detais
need flight ticket from aurangabad to hyderabad date 8tg march
i looking for big bazaar nearby
also is there any early train
can i get two wankhede tickts please
Traveling to Goa
train ticket pragati express mumbai to pune on friday
I need a cab or auto rikshaw
kindly stop the notifications
siddharth malhotra
my gift cupan is expired please cheque
i want confirm on this air asia booking number kbkzrb
view my reminders{task}
i want to cancel my cabs order
give me terms and conditions
can u tell me where we go for 2 days
not soon... i m travelling in 11 Nov 16 to 20 Nov  ... i want propmotion offer fare
jaipur to blr
How can I reach to airforce hospital Bangalore by bus ?
how many times bangalore was in finals
Total price is 60950, and in return there is no stoppage plz confirm
kya kar rahi ho
which position is kkr at right now
nearby theatre?
help me with swimming pools in vasai west.
i wanna to go to mumbai right now. can u arrange any cab for me?
want to book cab
no offer for 4th cab booking?
book hotel amritsar
whens royal challengers bangalore vs rising lune supergiant s match
itarsi
this is a old schedue
plz tell me charges
give me a call to remind me to pick my phone from charging
stopped reminder
remind me to take my salary on 10th of every month ..and transfer sandeeps salary on 10th of every month.
i need to send courier from bangalore to guladgudda
when i will reach ajni station
no nevery _numeral_ mins
We want to go to shivanasamudram falls
the payment has not been deducted from paytm
telugu movies
Any good offers for pizza?
how much runs need to indian
i have a plan
can i know the movie name of this song
send me _date_ s scorecard
ignore.
Chicken tandoori full and chicken triple rice without schezwaan
keep me updated every _numeral_ minuits please
8656482548
can you please for ipl final tickets
last time they said they will give 10% discount
how will you remind me
Pest control service
how many total remainder you have set for me?
where is chiragnagar in ghatkopar west
cryolab icecream
soch brand in raipur ?
who said ipl
near railway station
Pls also check for a table at Samarkand in Infantry Road
its charging jack is not working
it's a good experience
Kal ki train gujrat express ki waiting bataiye na
in 5min on my number only
no.. dont do yet
find me a kfc nearby
Corseca wireless Bluetooth service centre pune
m planning for dinner only
mam mujhe davangere se new delhi ka train number  22685 ka sl class ka confarm ticket milega
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 05:45 am { reminder_list: 688030, user_id: 1978528, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Ardhra bank
pls check tickets in bhimavaram
thanks aman
I want u to cl nd remind me
i will complaint abt this to cybercafe
if the tickets are not confirmed then wat next step is to be taken in this respect
destination not listed
hey, can you set a reminder for me to call someone?{task}
why dont my phn rings... or beeps
my office time is 4:00 pm
Can you tell me burger rate of burger king
kitna prta h flight ticket ka
rech
tickets for next rcb match
3/4/2017
home massage services?
match scores of rcb in _date_ s match
remind me to watch suits at 3pm
how many overs remaining
Pls check the details of SG 706 flight fare to bengaluru to hydrabad
I want to deliver a cake at jaipur, its my friends birthday tomorrow
no cash back got?
who will d match
i want to buy tickets for _date_ april
sry i don't need
is it rrb secundrabad
can u call and ask them if they sale exide bettry..
Nearest idea store to my location
is there a bus which I can catch from andheri?
yes any aisle please
no any t _numeral_ score updates last match of india i got updates _date_ after getting the information all sources n nfuck you all
any hotel booking facility
i need room on 31 st march in tirumala
i c
Reminder to change my registered mobile number of Bob
u alive?
what do you think which four team will qualify for eliminator
thanks 🙏 vipul
kese ho
where will the english commentary come
i need tickets for logan today
Nearby hotel
saurday
Yes you can book two rooms for the date 30th September
how to change the payment method to paytm
i want you to make a call
you tell me govind dev ji jaipur timings
can u remind me for one more appointment pls
kese rechajge karna he
metro nearest
hey could you put a reminder for all matches of india in t _numeral_ world cup
drives
can i reschedule it ?
swimming pool
Can you guys call on another number
hmmmm{task}
i have not received my flight ticket
bihar
first check with your technical team, why payments are failing, then ask for users to pay bills. very bad experience.
hp refilling
ahm to hyd
which will have an expiry date?
keep updating till the match ends
when is india pakistan match _date_
share me the entire schedule
how are you
train for delhi from hyderabad for today
hi please remind every saturday and wednesday oil both remind my mobile at 7,o clock
which is good movie playing right now in theatre
match schedules of india
can u tell me where can i use haptik cash in my wallet ?
i am to travel today from vadodara to udaipur, but i don't have booked tickets
can i collect my booked tickets _date_
is there any offer running  on airtel  dth?
whoz winning
offers in telangana
nothing !!
no i would be driving
please help me set reminder to buy sweets on monday morning
recharge dth coupon code
can you send points table
contact no of n n mondal musical instrument shop at all bazar kolkata
Bangalore to dharwad train for today
Cancel my wake up call fr tomorrow
can i get any coupon where i can ?
If i want to delete this reminder before 3:55 then what can i do?
"		i would like to cancel my `wish gita happy birthday!` reminder for thu, 02 march at 11:55 pm { reminder_list: 684153, user_id: 1922991, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Cinema hall
bus from vashi to banglore
hi vanisha...have a nice day
mere paas jabra ka bluetooth hendset he
telugu new movies
take care
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for mon, 06 march at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 722997-722998-722999-723000-723002-723003-723004-723005-723006-723007-723008-723009-723010-723011-723012-723013-723014-723015-723016-723017-723018, user_id: 1984822, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want cab from ola
Do me a favour kindly call me twice or thrice at intervals of 2-3 minutes. Its hard to wake me up!
6362168038
2049
please remind me again after two hour
it didn't give a pop up msg
current score of ipl
both time player
Show me how to download the ticket
can you share contact no of service center
5 pics of shushant singh rajput
any discounts
And if there is no seat available then I would like to go for tatkal
status of maych
kya baat h??
book th ipl ticket
_date_ which team having match
if i need i will tell u
show all remainders
who will win i mean which team has more chances
oooo
Show me flights from vishakapatnam to Bangalore
i am from karnataka😂
no dont remind me
please give ipl schedule
no, thanks
yea ok
airasia
that would be all{task}
Remind me after half an hour to call
how stars you need😂
when is next available
it s a nice match
salam ka jawab to dete bhai
Whats the price per person in mainland china mangalore for lunch?
not not
from vizianagarm to vijayawada on monday night to tuesday night. date 6 th march to 7 th march
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 588964, user_id: 1947545, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i mean the player
CAn i get a reminder on 10th sept to take the medicines
remove my all reminders
e square university road
Which film has got oscr
one adult and one kids
any cash back offer
welcome .take care gave good day
what is that
give me latest updated
i want a ola cab
can you book train ticket
upcoming home matches for kkr with dates
iam going to tirupati plz chek availability
does it mean that from airport we take and then it will charge till back to airport or for how much ever we run
the last transaction is not successful. please refund the money to my wallet
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 12191{product_id:12191_ndls_gwl,api_name:trains_api}"
Please recommend me few nice restaurants around vile parle and bandra for lunch tommrrw
i need a reminder for tomorrow evening 4 pm to travel.
Can u just search a flight ticket to patna
yes..he had done yesterday
thankq
please can i get the points table
Nearby HTC store
2nd wake up also? ????
Train from banglore to kurnool..
I wana order cake
near by camera repairer
ki indian gas kitne price k a rhi hai
kaun jita
10min.
Ganeral quota
today only install the application. just for trying. thanks
review for kuttram23 ??
listen
mandi talav abhay mahavir studio bhayander west
"hasan.. 	can you set a reminder for me"
who will win _date_ india or pak
Review of thodari
for what reason money has been deposited in wallet
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 06:41 am { reminder_list: 711460, user_id: 1982815, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
and what about cashbavk
i have already shared it
Find tickets in cinepolis patna for ms dhoni
surat thi baroda
Will you place a order from domino's for 3 veg burgers
i wanted to fly from bom to ccu on 26 april ,show me the best price pls..with great discounts or casbacks
can i get address of some game centres near me
thats not for medicine
narnual to delhi
my pickup is -
the driver
no issue
4429259391
Cafe coffee day address
till when will this fly1000 available
keep updating me the score after each over please
Procedure to stop DND for Vodafone postpaid ?
i want to book a hotel room or resort on budgetary basis in shimla for a month in may.what you can help me
Can you please change my medicine reminder of morning to 10:30
wats score of our batsman
The flights i told you to chek..they are bit out of my budget
g.t ex kon se plat form par aari hai
i want detail.of the movies which is going to release this weekend
south indian
pls book immediately
thank you so much...
act governed
find some more in that shop the cartridge was not available so try to find big one if possible
I need sbi
Cancel this order
4:30 also
tasks
remind me to order phone
okay fcker
cancel all alarm before 10am...wake me up at 11:30 am
Pink movie tickets
Can u pls tell me d recent Bollywood releases?
i was just checking
Wat are the train charges for all categories from jhansi to trivendrum
will you send the chart of point table
or may be bus
i was interested but after seeing the reviews i changed my mind
Give me the dominos menu
Any trains form trinelveali to madurai
Can u help me get a uber or ola
nearly cuddalore tv electrical
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 08:03 am { reminder_list: 687481, user_id: 1950074, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i recharged with 35 rs 30 haptik bal & rs 5 from debit card but my smartapp bal deduct rs  30 why?
i want to see neerja
yo
all days
any romantic movies ?
search hotels for unmarried couple
i am going to bangalore in june
fast it's an emergency
I want to know that there is any train for goa from jaipur on 30th nov
Need to book on ola cabs
only on saturdays
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 08:00 pm { reminder_list: 573273, user_id: 1942439, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
oh
can you book for me?
Close all my wake up alaram
u booked ?
hi i need a help
ipl tickets pune kkr _numeral_ april at pune nwhich is cheap ticket available
Its a return flight right?
i want to lose my weight
thank you for your service
what are the ticket prices for this
who is the purple cap holder norange cap
dont have
driver refused to come
🙁
virat how many run scored in ipl _numeral_
full list with time
regularly provide me with the updates of kings xi punjab in ipl
any chance will it get confirm
give me latest scorecard between every _numeral_ mnts
i want to set a birthday reminder
todays all details
via train also check it
is that human replying ??
I want to go to Vaishno devi from delhi on 9 th of October
please help me find oriental bank of commerce near me
hai i am ne to u r app
i want train runing status tomorrow 12446
I am looking for near by federal bank atm
hi...how can i delete the chat history from this haptik app...can you help me to out from this.
naresh can u tell more about my nearby
hi vipul good evening
send me updates for every over
yest who won the match
malvika?
timing
can you resend the ticket once
Reminder to order face wash
chaganasery to thripunithura
Which barbecue nation branch has the best ratings
Can u please find out how much I would get back if I cancelled the flights
thank you.. nothing as if now
hey ..  would you please remind me to recharge dth before 9:00 at evening
"dekho jisse maine mail kiya wo shoeb3243@gmail.com hai...		aur jiss account me 2000 atke hue hai wo account saif1171@gmail.com se bnaya hua tha"
Wake up call at 6.30 and 7 o'clock in morning on number 09633636125 ....tell that shruti told to wake-up
Also Remind me to Take the copy of Notes on work and Prepare QCR for the Linga reddy Bridge  work on 29-09-2016 @ 8 am
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sun, 05 march at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 723175-723176-723177-723178-723179-723180-723181, user_id: 1985868, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
assalam alikum
can i buy this book
tatkal tickets
Can check train availability?
Can I order a birthday cake online? In Patel Nagar?
Help me with the coupons of dominos
Any bank of Baroda atm
sorry sorryy
hey, i want to order something for home delivery.{task}
i want to know abt
call on 8827774888
bhadrak to vsg
to bahrain
how much cash will refund back
I want the man who knew infinity film hindi dubbed pls.
how much distance from my place
can you repeat the task already given thrice in a day?
hi gloria
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 12716{product_id:12716_ndls_gwl,api_name:trains_api}"
i had booked flight
showtimes in aundh pune
thaanks
what is the best route from mumbai to barcelona / amsterdam / france ?
Can u check for me Delhi to vijayawada
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 713725, user_id: 1984012, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
U deliver german bakery... i need a cake...
sabse kamse jyada ka dihiye
check prakash paper
tel top 10 kannada movies in gopalan arcade
aarav tell the point table
Hi I need to replace a switch at my home in AECS layout
"12295	12969	12615"
i need a contact number of pf  customer care
I want to know which bus go to salt lake sector 5 from this bus stop
pls cnfrm my movie tickets
can u send me a link or pdf file of the ssc broad exam timetable
any offers for eva's pizza?
Cab booking available?
so _date_ there is no any match
what are the best rates
9625597616
wts up
any birthday reminders??
can you give me the scorecard
Recharge hua nahi
I want a pizza
can please get me check in please
good morning suraj 😊
I need 1 gb net
"i want you to stop the reminders.	thank you!"
at 6:25 pm today
Sc atm near by airport
no i don't have
Wake me up at 7 in the morning
starting from 830
"just cab..						but not now"
i would like to cancel my reminder for everyday at 10:00 am { reminder_list: 665975, user_id: 1971600, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
6 pm it is and not 6 am
A notification and not a call
shruti .. i got that with sheet ... thanks you. and your team also
2039
please confirm that i am eligible for the cashback
for mobile bill finance payment its so important for me
in bhilai
can i get match tickts of india semi final
no cancel
ICICI bank near ram mandir sangli in Maharashtra
i need a few reminders on weekly basis, monthly basis.. like that
do you have any coupons for mcdonald's
Mmts train timing
what d score is
hey, can you help me with atm nearby?{task}
Nashik_ bengalore train
nd hydrabad
inform me chris gayle is playing the next match or not
I need a ticket for Chennai
thank you😊
are u human or bott
any bar near me
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for fri, 03 march at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 684316-684317-684318-684319-684320-684321-684322-684323-684324-684325-684326, user_id: 1960378, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
no ola ?
no please discontinue my alarm
singam3
12304 train status
every half n hours till 9pm
heelo
Can you filter hotels which allow unmarried couples
tell me tdr status
who will win ipl _numeral_
full form
are you guys real people or some machines
maim kya ap mujhe ye bta sakti h mera ruka hua balence kab ayga
Tomarrow night vrl non ac semi sleeper
the slots must be full by now
in forum mall
no thanks cancel to remind
i want to change timing of to do list
why no cash payment
electric it bill
_date_ match socre
would you please give me a comparison between ms dhoni and virat kohli regarding their ipl statistics
how much runs kohli scored so far in ipl
thank you so much !!
via home delivery way
bhawanimandi to nagpur 13march
prabhadevi
can u set for everyday the alarm
is my texts done?
Wake me up in next 15minute
all match vanue
virat kohli s last _numeral_ innings scores
Stop water drinking reminders till 30th please. I am on international roaming
qualifier two also over
table point
please remind me to add bank details of movers and packers tomorrow 6pm
i already receive reminders
is there any mechanic near me
you know about yesterday train matter
dominos
it is near to chauramata mandir
mc donald
where can i buy glyscerine?
thanks pooja and yash and for making it on priority and to the assistant who handled the chat very well..have a great day guys..see ya
takal ticket chaiye
whats up
do fast
everytine
Hey, what are some deals on food delivery around me?{task}
thanks mohit sir
i have not got the destination. puri,orissa
i want reacharge cashback offer
no i am just asking for some big malls for shopping.??
hi any offer is there for tata sky recharge
my cab trip is over
Looking for best recharge offers
At what time does coromandal exp starts from vijayawada to chennai
which flight it is
any one there
Do i need visa to travel bali?
thank s
Today is my monthly love anniversary....can u plz remind me dis every month....???
Jammu and kashmir
any match going on
i want to cancel or delete all the previous reminder
every 2 hour
book nw
Tell me the price on 3rd November and return on 5th November
no i want a train which is in morning from nashik road to aurangabad
asap
last match scrooe
i need to go to agra and come back
had ur breakfast
is it confirmed?
aa rahi ho goa?😜
current stats
share with me rcb scorecard
Nazeer restaurant in east delhi
thnkas
deepika update please
how to know the numbers of last 3-4 calls in aircel network ????
special offers on recharge
are we allowed to make the cab to wait in  between journey
Now buses can travel from Tamil Nadu to banglore
send me details and new updates about the match
Any train chandigarh to delhi on Saturday
is it possible to recharge again my dish tv account
thanks a lot daniel
"no the flight is booked i just want to print my tickets.	can you help?"
वह कौन सा ऐप है सर
opthalmologist near me?
friends meet*
please remind me 2 pm today two times
suraj park, pocket g, sector 18, suraj park, pocket g, sector 18, rohini, delhi, india
मला तुम्ही खूप आवडला
pls remind me 18th march-marriage 6.00pm
i want to have a look on the points table
tell me the cheapest flight to guwahati from new delhi
below 400rs
set an alarm
please i want to and from ticket booking. return ticket booking 11th saturday from chennai evening
i would like to set a reminder for tomorrow at 12:00 pm as i have a appointment with dr.
hie can you tell me the details of train burnpur to garbeta
give me all the detalis of todays rcb ans dd match
r u der
wth call
please tell me the fare ofcab or bus for jalandhar from agra
can you found atm near jammu bus stop??
from indore to bangalore
can i get a flight from pune to delhi of 22 april
live
Whether bmtc buses are running today
thajavur to coimbatore
Plz notify me whenever the price of flight 6E-207 Jaipur to Guwahati goes lowest
Watch
Link for return ticket?
remind me today at 9.20pm
I need my sofa set to get repaired
near by atm
Sir i want to book the tickets for 8th morning
I need a restaurant
i need website of this school
Check for other trains!
cancel the medicine reminder also please.
score current ipl match
give me info at every _numeral_ min
Delhi cantt to Darjeeling train on 14 September non AC. Can you pls help me with the train and fare.
toss updates please
hey hardik.. check d status again
give me whole schedules
can a personalised reminder be set
thanks a ton
I want to know the train timings from bangalore to mysore
i am not receive my sing up credit 100rs
show me only eng shows
sorry for tge delay
flight ticket from mumbai to goa on 8 oct
i want in ex service men colony
can u tell me the bus timings from bangalore to chennai?
stop the reminders
k by
bas ticket mil jaye
anymore
thank you anjali it did help
number is wrong 😒😒😒
in jaipur
kaise ho aap ?
Please let know about varanasi bengaluru flights on monday and fare also
can u plse advice how to search for resorts in araku
when u remind me
will you give within some interval
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 462024, user_id: 1907889, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
City pride
keep updating the india pakistan match
What are the Best buffet offer at panchkula hotels?
yes will let you know
whats the schedule fir t _numeral_
i need an information. where is kfc nearby from my location
of gujrat lions
its 8:30 now 😢
Jaipur se delhi ki train ki info
lift licence
i don't know what is train no
and by how much runs
seemancahal
could u pls help me to find idfc bank nearby
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 687035, user_id: 1978365, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
bus travel
can you tell me rates of tiffany
already booked
i want to book a hotel for couples in bangalore
Please arrange a call back from airtel dth
i want the menu of pizza hut
no no i need a reminder 26th of march 11.30 am
Want to repair my mouse
thank q
Movies in chennai
is this computarised chat or manual
is there any match of pune _date_
after _date_ s match
what was the error
srh or mi ki metch me non jeetq
Other than pink movie, which movie running in RR Multiplex
do you think gujarat loins will won the trophy
can you just provide me with the ongoing match s score
Map from my place to reliance store jogeshwari west momin nagar
ty fr yr information
Train from shegao to badnera
kfc offers
Can i get a delivery of cake and flowers at Midnight 12 today.
who may win d match tday
g h raisoni business school management nagpur
call
Can u find Me train for Jaipur
hummmm
3kg
😊😊
yup got it malu
30
i am in ea , i want to good none hotal
i have to go to mohan estate by bus from katwaria sarai
now if i want to pay my mobile bill is there any offer??
another
i want details of rising pune supeegiant
please provide lowest fare
srh present bowling stats of match
in every hour i need notification for not to eat between 10am to 8.30pm
4
do i get d flight of my preference
citi bank
i want you to remind me tomorrow to compete screen printing work
like in another 15 mins.
75 is too lesss no more higher discounts ?
web check kn
don't send me reminder s
Cancel all reminder
thanks penny
Can you place an order for me in a restaurant
travels by road
Nearest ATM
menu
You were supposed to do a web check in for my Go Air Flight scheduled for tomorrow
list plz
bangalore
current location
schedule wake call on this time plz
not right now thanks
restaurants
want to book flight from mumbai to udaipur
need help on electrician
there is any code for idea postpaid bill
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 07:20 am { reminder_list: 683671, user_id: 1971302, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i spoke to ola team
Can you do web check in for 39NDP3 same flight
Price of flights for this month
how can i order food ??
i wanted design my packaged drinking water bottle
why fare so high
airtel dth
What's the best way to go from Mcloeodganj to tatwani lake? And back
cancel 0640 reminder
Akshay ji kya aap mera 9.30pm ka wake up alarm deactivate kar sakte hain ??
will west indies enter into the semi finals if they win this match
already i'm having jio...so i don't need immediately...🙂
aur sunao.kaise ho aap
anything restorent 7 march 2 10 pm place lucknow
i've cleared
idukki dam structure
playing _numeral_ kkr for _date_ s match
hi sagar
Off the alarm
bhaskara , chitoor
Near  mc donal
at 5:25
iphone stores..
thanks for the remainder 😉
Maharashtra express
ac installation
i have not received the web check in mail of mr.bhavesh todi
my cab offer is over now ?
how to keep reminder one day before
looking for bus only thanks
stop
no thx
my uber login number is 9351623758
i want train from mangalore to chennai
i want to know availability and fare in ac 3 tier (3a) in train number 12562{product_id:12562_ndls_bsb,api_name:trains_api}
body massage person
Tel me trains from dharwad to bangalore today nite
mcdonald in nagpur
i want to know about indian railway
wat it is score huderbad
ghadidam to goa
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 700528, user_id: 1667531, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want to go to pub today
thanks 4 ur reminders
Suggest me good place for lunch.
england won whatta match
any uco bank atm nearby
Find me a train ticket
i need some info.
Bank of India
mumbai indians qualify at second place lst yr
is recharge successful??
hii thank you
i want dinner at home delivery
Fake call plz
can you tell me the next schedules of rps matches
If my mobile screen broke and my mobile is in warranty time period so service center charge money or not to replace screen with new one
Ok can u please inform me the charges for garib express per head
get the live score
kent water purifier to shift
hey does not give any cash back to me
What is the fare now ?
Oh. Do you have any travel packages from Bangalore to Nandi Hills?
i want to change drop location
Bar and restaurant
how many run need in how many ball
just two things
nothing for now.. thank u so much
any marathi movie
i suppose these are prepaid plans?
may ka schedule diya tumne matches ka april m nai hai koi match
what are the ticket rates
i want to search other route's flight
i want menu for burger king
both of them
match point table please updated
you forgot to give me updates
i can't find in windows store
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 684671, user_id: 1977257, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
are there any reviews for this centre
plz remind me of all station until bangalore
Hi akash...I hv received the order...but I would like u to please put in their notice that 5wings box was order n the box has only 3
vijayanthi nacharam
i was in serious problem and relied on haptic
pnr 2128621907. status
now where is that
emi punto
don't remind again
Find plans for gio
virat kholi score
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 628998, user_id: 1959525, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
end of match
can you tell me what time is the cricket match between india and australia _date_
when is _numeral_ match
for dth 50 cash back is there
airtel store nearby
no thank hasan
every hour
when is next match at hyderabad
did i get this reminder as a tex message
cancel dz.
any offers in haptak for prepaid recharge
Any snacks restaurant nearby
ajj kon kon c team ka match h kitne vje start hoga
baruch to ahmedbad
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for thu, 09 march at 11:58 am { reminder_list: 701050, user_id: 1935883, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want to know availability and fare in second sitting (2s) in train number 12936{product_id:12936_st_bvi,api_name:trains_api}
can i get score every end of the over
cool bro
i need the points table
i will eat here only
i am actually not looking for reservation
goodbye u too take care
sorry if i was rude
i have not received my seat confirmation.
g
aus vs nz
What is the duration of road trip from surat to jaipur
can u pls send the e ticket on my email?
can you plz give me the contact details of white mount hotel in periamet, in chennai
plz find out good restaurants and resto bars in jamshedpur that serve pork, sea food n if there are any micro breweries
ok bye riddhi
hello{task}
do it...now
remind me to collect watch from service station at 7pm today
*at
just wait for ten minutes
are you sleeping
Holiday package in oct. Of approx 5days in uttarakhand or near by
i want any summercamp near magadi road
Order cancel...
delete all my active reminder
could you give me the list of matches being played in visakhapatnam
or do they still have a chance of getting into the playoffs
Looking gor general pest control
kk not required
yes please
Mobile recharge with cashback
hey wakeup call not required
hi i hve one
i need a reminder ......after 2 hr , can help me with this?
can you give me the info of the orange cap
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 06:00 am { reminder_list: 484605, user_id: 1907639, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want to know a homeopathic medicine shop near me
I want to know where is lenovo service centre .... problem is my mob finger print is not working I have warranty 4month before only I purchased it
hell
U won't book a cab ?
aaj silver siti mai nahi hai
are you a robo
this is old points table
Hii i want a can ride for 7 people on 26th 4am from chennai airport to Tirupati
can you please just change the time to 07:15 am?
yes pls cnfm on my home address
to order food
Delight cinema me kon si movie lagi he
wnt to se gazi attack
i'll tell u when i need
I want to know nearby reliance store at raanchhodnagar
Ice cream buffas
_date_ s match highlight table please
SBI
How far is these beach. .?
go off
pls send me details for reminders
per 2 hour 10am to 12 pm
thanks ,,,
Please Book a table at souk ,taj mahal palace Mumbai
Can I select seats for my flight on 2 Nov
can u connect with one in your team who is looking out for travel contracting ?
my name is ravi
highest runs in the series
?????
i have pulled it out
I want 2 watch hollywood action movie.
Tickets for Dehradun
hi just wanted to know whether tickets are available for ipl _numeral_ for delhi matches
could you send me the points table
remember me?
who is in the semi final and who is in the final
Can I get veg menu
Can plz get me the contact number of HDFC bank in Pathanamthitta
not as of now. thanks
i will get some cash back on this trip na?
any idea who win this game
ipl table
early mlrnkng
nopes
Can u book me a taxi from Bangalore to mysore
help me out please
ok ok wait
show me logan movie nearby theater locations
202 a wing new pushpak tower near shivar garden mira road east
can u just stop these reminders
Shall i know the rate of trip to manali
nt right nw
Can you tell me where the nearest pharmacy store is?
please send me the squads of each ipl team this year
Rail travel from Mumbai to Kerala expense plz
remind me to wish  every month on 22nd
gudmrng
any offer for postpaid bill payment?
i asked from jolly llb not for jolly llb2
the bollywood club
hi i want to know my near by ent doctor specialist nd its adress nd tyming
i lil later
which channel i can see english commentary
ticket i have already send
Train from akola to pune on 26 sept
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for thu, 02 march at 07:00 am { reminder_list: 677567, user_id: 565414, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
भाई में सो गया हूं
estimate cost
Trains from Ranchi to Hyderabad.
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for everyday at 05:52 am { reminder_list: 623712, user_id: 1958964, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
is it ok
nearby me
thank you for the info
no nooo thanks
any offer going on recharge
pls find out nearest online pizza delivery
saw the match it was epic cheers
da pizza link please
what is show time.?
Cheapest flight from Delhi to Kolkata for the 11th of October please
hi, i want to book a cab using the cashback offer. 
Thanks..is there a tentative checkin time informed to thd hotel
i wish this will serve the purpose
Hi... please book my cab for Tuesday from my home to Chandigarh railway station
thank you! ☺
If I will set my wake up alarm...somehow..my net will not connect..then..??
can you remind me by text
i want some chinese food could u prefer
See some 4star hotel at mahablwat
who won the orange and purple caps in this season
none of traina have tickets
i want lenin blazer
blr to mumbai
i'll remind you when i remind you
mujhe alto agency ka contect number cheye... alwar rajasthan ka
in _date_ _date_ match score i want
How to set a girl
notification pls
he is too slow
can you find which cab service available in surat gujarat
Pune to goa bus
and i m on my way
when was ind vs wi
there is no option for typing this code
thank you. my dear deepti.
don't u have ola?
no thnks
hi, i'm interested in watching silence.{movie_name:silence}{task}
kyo
Hi, can you book a Taxi
Hollywood movie
visiting card printer at bhikaji cama place
can you share me the address ? pls
Train availability for Pondicherry from tambaram
Which is the movie getting released today
hii.. sometimes my data pack will be off
view my reminders
khushboo?
today is my birthday
how to use for cabs?
yes kohali rock
karnataka circle
i got a gas leak in my house
book a cab
jaipur to khatu shyam ji is kitna mr ha
Sbi bank nearby
remove the reminders
yes i want to get update
where is adhar card centers in mangalore....????
Parota is available in any menu?
09:47am 03 mar 17
jaipur to mumbai sleeper price
gujrat lions result
12/30/1899
give alert...morning 6:30
"		hi, i want to book uberpool {product_id:ed5e79f0-c124-4377-89eb-511cbdeb5fe2, api_name:uber, product_name:uberpool, seat_count:none}"
about commando movie
can i recharge for jio?
chennai egmore tomorrow when reached
hey buddy u get cashback for 3 rides or one
no restaurant?
send me information abt resorts nearby
ohk sry bro
can you tell me about todays match
we're r u
not yet received.
ii already woke up..dont give a call at 8
what's your name
Nearest dominoes
south indian movies details
Reminder to pick ID card
set a reminder to wish sanchit his birthday
naa
no dnt cancel
I don't need reminder pl atop
how do you remind me for water
Hey check out the trains between tiruvallur and walaja road
will come back later
how it can be done
try bro
who is going to win ipl _numeral_ title
i'm looking for a flight
u say no offers going on
don't you offer ola auto?
bahadurgarh h map me
may you please tell me the name of players in pune supergiants
can you tell me _date_ whose match is there in worldt _numeral_
pls do it soon
i want schedule of train from pune to washim .. for reservation
means _date_ evening also there was a match
let me know movie arjun reddy release date
plz call me on 9377024392
will tell you later
after match ends
hotels ccd or malls
for uber booking through haptik login in uber is must kkya
gaurav
i need ipl
hi, i want to book micro {product_id:micro, api_name:ola, product_name:micro, seat_count:none}
thnx for remind me
angamaly
any confirmation on spassy spoon !?
"		i would like to cancel my call karan reminder for sat, 04 march at 10:49 am { reminder_list: 700983, user_id: 1978368, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want to repair microwave
where you from??
top runs this ipl
thank you _numeral_ the scores
Junagadh to rajkot trains for today
nothing for now thanks
Remind me tomorrow 6am to for jogging & drink lot of water after jogging
"please show me one way flights from jaipur to goa 		onward date - 15 april"
Laptop repair
cinema near me
Onam releasing movies
24 September. Pay bill . Time 5pm
Tell me the nearest gurwara
i want to change my reminders
not delivered yet. help
whether my uber payment mode is paytm or not
yesz
thanks... but don't want to wake up early on a sunday morning.. :-p
draw from my wallwt
tell mebyr
who won _date_ and scorecard
please send me over by over score i have loads of work at office
according to you _date_ who can win the match
dont u guys have food delivery option anymore
5 hours duration
may i know how to recharge my mobile
don't show me the route
recent score
well i don't prefer a chat
yes you can remind me when the match starts
Plumber
wats the score now dude
what are the score
i am very afraid of monday morning
I want to order home made food
remind me to go to gym today at 7 pm
i m looking for some automobile engine raw material
i need the show timings in cp
who will win mi
im at raj nagar extension
can you tell me the squad of pune giant s
Hi may I know in which speed train is going in Trivandrum express right now
and
remind me
tq
Okay book that train
ok bt is this train from yashwantpur bangalore right
Parched nearby shows?
could u check any nearby restaurant in iit kanpur campus
i m not able to share the address there
the final is done
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 694651, user_id: 1980189, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
What about Balaji theater ?
please show me trains from jp to ujn for sleeper (sl) on 03-03-2017.
though i don't have any flight requirement right now. thanks!
Can you help me with travel package for North East like Sikkim Darjeeling pelling
all team
need to do chk in
i want to knw about flights details
not for now will be great if you can keep sharing the update
it's nice
grocery shops
vignan institute of technology & aeronotical engineering vignan hills, deshmukhi village pochampally mandal nalgonda, hyderabad
wats the speed of flight per hour
fare?
show timing of raaz in m2k rohini
kese
detail all movie
3am reminder
i need to know the review of a movie
do you think rcb will win
Green park restaurant
hello are you there.
reminder for credit card payment 7 march every month
Travel from Chennai to pollachi
ok chq in 2 ac
Ccd deals nearby
the only thing is u hv to remind me 2 gv biometric everyday @ 8.30 pm
show timing in mysuru
thank you noornisha keep me updated ngood day
offer on recharge
Is there any sleeper coach reservation for today night?
no need for now thanks anyway
vikas nscores please i said
early loss of wicket
tumhari aukat road me bikh mangne ki hi hai
it was not a cash ride ...
ok dude
can you tell me the score board of gujrat n bangladesh
yes who is the leading run scorer
wake me up today morning at 5:30 am, 6:00 am, 6:15 am, 6:30 am, 6:45 am, 7:00 am, 7:15 am
how much did yuvraj scoref _date_
When what will bi the timing of train kathgodam express
which team do you think the winner of the todays match kkr or rcb
when is the semi final scheduled for india
pune to goa
score kay zala ga
hindi mai bolye
get me good trip plan to dandelion
I want to go ninnononia
thnx dear:)
can u call me to remind my reminder ?
each one ticket?
which team has won the most games in all ipls
Did u place an order for rdmi 3s
example pleaee
say na
i don't have any booking
every day 10 am , 2.30 pm, 7 am, 6.30pm, 9 pm
pls schedule a call to kishan on 10th march 2017 @10am  for paying reliance bill
we like this service
who won rps vs kkr
19413 running status live
can we change the voice of recording played in the wake up call
if i ride in april will this offer b vaild
no it's postpaid.
thanku harshad but i dont need any help now
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for fri, 03 march at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 691177-691178-691179-691180-691181-691182-691183-691184-691185, user_id: 1948721, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
should i retry once again
😆
update the scores for every _numeral_ overs
chiken fried rice
hw abut trains
yes please give me latest score updates
"days: one week medicine reminder	time1: 8 00 am	time2: 1 30 pm	time3: 8 00 pm"
not junagadh dist
hello i want to stop all my reminders
i need to book flight return ticket from mumbai to delhi on 16april for 5 members
dere iz a drawback..i dont get ny ring regarding the reminder..if the phone iz with me den only i would be getting msg..but if i am sleeping..i won't be able to see..nd i would not remember to drink water nd all
Iwant 2 stay katra jammu 19 or20 th nov please for hotel booking
i want money to know changers at my nearby location
should i get 50 cash back more?
so who do you support
8656413360 pmr status
i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 07439{product_id:07439_bza_kcg,api_name:trains_api}
cost of ride per km
can u set me alarm of 5:45 and 6 am everyday except sunday
who s win last mech
r u a chatbot?
i will give this feedback in the evening. now i m at my workplace.
call rajiv on 3.00 pm
Locate tha train purushottam sf
could you please check if swiggy could deliver from corner house?
i want ola cab
near market
can i order pizza tgroug heptic
this app is also free
bring
ola cab right now a nima house
i want to travel chennai to andaman
done thanks
i have a train to catch tomorrow morning at 7:30 am. so can u call me and wake me up by 6
Ahmedabad to Mumbai flight rate
north indian or south indian prefetably
Please close all reminders
helping me to canceled the train ticket i have booked from your side
mera matlab 100 ke notes koun se atm  mein milenge
2s on5sept 2 tickets side lower
Hey can u find me the nearest Sony service centre
can i avail cashback from this ride
hmm ya ok but i'll tell u tomorrow morning if i want means i can book otherwise i'll go by bus
what is the use of end?
i web check in
ghuwahati to delhi lowest faire konsi flight ka h 25 march
can i use my haptik wallet balance to book movie ticket
Mall/ cinema hall nearby
Book train tickets for dharwad from bengaluru
utha doge
balance not receive
"		i would like to cancel my reminder to ': custom reminder}' for sun, 05 march at 11:05 am { reminder_list: 714698, user_id: 1984142, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
no need monica
please book the train tickets
i'm not able to select the restaurant name in the drop down
Nearest passport office
is _date_ a match
ur fav team
How to check idea night net balance
But, will the reminder come on monday
pallikkaranai
How you can book ticket
how do i use voice command only for this app?
good morning bruh..
who will win d _date_ match mi or gl whts says
you too have a goodnight
where is the nearby theatre nalini
shuklaganj me nhi
so send me next reminder
how do i logout of haptic from this mobile
date: march 1,2017
please book a cab for me
sorry sorry jst wanted to knw d details
Can u help me with finding hdfc bank nearby
who will qualify now
near by restaurant
hi neha can you show me the list of restaurants available near my location
hey what is bangalore score
yet not received my order
Cyber Cafe
before booking i just know some details can you...
oki thank u so much
we need chicken biryani
plz stop the reminders
good night☺
current status pnr 4641282078
no. please ignore for now. thanks
tell me about _date_ match s
Non vegetarian restaurant in Sector 18  Noida
Sunday ka rahul ka schedule of shows with ticket send me
bakewadi ki speling thik krke dens
will india lift the world cup
4 circus range kolkata 700019
what is the score cudnt watch d match
sanju samsons score
Hey can you order me 1 mattor panner and 1 dal Tadka
15410 train number what is the route
n total population of bengali
but kkr need to win only _numeral_ match from their left match
sure
i don't hv ola or uber acct
pocket friendly
Hey, what are some deals on food delivery around me?
it's giving the error plz u put mit collage anandi to bhairav nagar pune
hello archana
is there any discount for bill payment for airtel
no by gd ngt
Recharge expire
one call on march 22 at 12 am
do u have any idea about torrent is opening presently or not??
what is this
further schedule after t _numeral_ cwc
western union
Helo any recharge offer ?
can someone help me booking tickets for mumbai semifinals
what are the offers on electricity bill payment
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 03:00 pm { reminder_list: 656069, user_id: 1864605, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
hiii mujhe nate offer janna h
repeat every week for 8 week
accha
Bt its hard to wake me up
digambar jain temple
"departure city: mumbai	arrival city: lucknow	departure date: march 5, 2017	number of adults: 1"
so i will be getting 200 rs off right
sir ek ticket or krwani h
No through train reservation
Near by indian bank atm
do u have any curtain tailor
but i would like to know whether there is any subtitles there
can u wake me up after 1 and half hr
call me today 6.15 am
thanks 🙏
i wanna ask 1 more thing
present status
_date_ match khatam hone okay baad scorecard send kr diya kroo
hi pankaj
please do tell me the list of few names along with their contact details and fees
Please reminder me
gujarat lions lose in front of whom
but no cash came
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sat, 04 march at every 4 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 694830-694831-694832, user_id: 1968994, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
plz tell ne the bus from kalka to shimla
already paid
please cancel the appointment
what are the place i can visit in chennai
call is not required
who will win tdy
wake me up at 8 am
"task: ryan call	date: march 6,2017	time: 11 30 am"
when do sashadhri express come to kr puram railway station
in rajkot plz
both teams
dy patil stadium mumbai indians on sunday
I need ICICI
gulbarga to goa...
ey
Nearby Vegretauataent
who s owner of gj
i want to know running status of 22188
yaah n thank u..
Haha, thank you. I can do with the reminder. :)
what type of transaction will be applicable?
Talk to monu at 9 am.
i need a address of redmi service centre near by cbi hebbal
gl vs kkr score please
i have updated
call me to wake me up
Hey, can you find me the nearest Train Station?{task}
i want gas station right now
i want to go gurunanak ram guda
_date_ ipl setus
muje tumse sadhi karni jsn
every half an hour.
lpl point table please
Any hdfc atm?
i dont have any screenshot wth me
Please, cancel all my reminder till date..
i just want to say that i have been converted my number (9836962376) from vodafone to airtel. so now it's coming airtel network.
I wnt to knw about plans for airtel digital tv
Oyo rooms claim that local id allowed so it is safe for unmarried couples pls check and confirm
chennai to zurich....all around europe..paris..amsterdam...for a honeymoon couple...preferably march end or april 17..15 days...
dhanayavad
hellow
Are there any offers for Uber or ola for existing users?
i have not received the 75rs cashback
rcb da scorecard dikhanav
remind me of meeting
who s out btw
Remind me to call
pls let me know near by parel
is that possible
who is the worst player in ipl
Where samsung service center
am i eligible for cash back?
i want to download decaprio movies
hi samiksha g
i cancelled booking
your name is tanu
Now dont give me a wake up alarm
can i book tickets ?
hi, i want a cab for an outstation trip{task}
not after 8
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 09:50 am { reminder_list: 701578, user_id: 1981295, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want to know the cancellation charges
pl show me the options in gurgaon
iwant to send money to my friend through courier
want to go lower parel to kurla
i want nearest hdfc atm only
of rupees 75
i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 17305{product_id:17305_pune_gwl,api_name:trains_api}
not now
I want to go goa.so can u check the tickets are available on 12th Oct pls
remind me to take medicine
who won qualifier _numeral_
near calangute
hey wts the score
just live feed of match
to leh from chandigarh or delhi after 7
yaa i know
nope thanks for the help
at what time todays match will start
Tap
total batao worldwide
u have my no
also specialist in thyroid disorders
i have small doubt
any theater near to me
also at 5:45 am mon to fri
Can u book me a cab
ok.
runs wickets
hii kartik
kitne ki ticket h es movie ki
kamareddy to nizamabad
which are the _numeral_ matches _date_
only the result finger crossed
can you book the cab now.....???
bolo
how is semi-final winner
what is the coupon code for electricity bill
check the least price for oru mexican aparadha movie at kochi
Can u reserve it at barbeque nation, CP
there is a match _date_
update me when the toss takes place
can i get the point table of ipl
Tell me the tickets for garib rath from Ludhiana to delhi
6644
carribean premier league
thanks man
Best food
mumbai to cochin 7th jan flight rates?
below 10 years kids are allowed
no yet
what are the movie is coming today
hlo shruti i am back!!
time 12:00pm
i used referral of my friend
hlw
Is free data in Jio only on 4g or also valid for 3g?
I need to buy 3 tkts
hi...
latest match score
Warranty
How to reach Bhuj from rajkot
Eranamkulam south to kuttippuram train time
telugu  flim
Stop these reminders now.
r u angry 😠 on me dear?
please confirm me the current status
_date_ which team wins
Can I have the medicine reminder daily for 11 am?
sure will
8356813166
can you call suraj . com shop in panjim and find out what would be the cost to print a photo of 30*20cms
rps next match
5 adults 2 kids
okay nwhich team will win world cup
i want it to be reminded for every 3 hours
are you guys 24*7 online
Cancel reminders
state bank nearby
Hi, Id like to set a reminder for Ramadan.
could you let me know some shops for ladies dresses?
20th march
nas
no on thitd march also i have booked the cab through haptik
okay bye
reliance care
thxnc
i want to know what movie is going on at poonamalle theatre
cancel wake up call
please provide me to _date_ mach
Ok ....book 4 tickets for me
two team players details
Travel to Delhi on 14
wen will rchrge came?
this question is to check you are a human or robot
train can u send please
and ask you to book the ride?
aap jese kuch kaabil logo ke peechhe kaamyabi apne aap bhagti h
Need to fit plastic mosquito mesh on my house windows..please find me someone who does that
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 03:15 pm { reminder_list: 638969, user_id: 1963475, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Hi! I need to book a ticket from Bangalore to chennai
motel the village  name ka 1 place he kalavad road pe me usi bat kar rahahu....
are dre any halal restaurants nearby
Where can I install windows on my Macbook?
taxi from vellore to chennai airport at 11pm today
with live scores
wake up call at 08:30
Data card offers
Hi I m travelling to jaipur
how much did hyderabad score who made the top scores
u have jio recharge?
have u booked my cab
i want electricion now
Call ram centex reminder 26 September 11pm
Wat Benefit will I get if I recharge my postpaid bill from Haptic ??
hptk100 code is not working
where is the match happing
no tgank you
i miss my flight
tour packages
Please cancel the reminder.
My relative wants to travel Singapore this month
just continue the chat
book ola
get schedule of all next matches
tokyo
sure pooja😘😘😘
what s your say who is going to win
What reminder?
i need a little hel
is there any possibility of mi to the playoffs if any please explain
flight fare
But there is already an offer of tickets at rupees 50 at carnival
no thnkyou
i want from ahmedabad to karjat on date 25.03.17
bberpool
find me a place to do this work in chennai
it was given yesterday 12.28 pm
how i can pay by paytm
what happened to the one.. i already set?
Kindly cancel the reminder forever
wat s dnd
hi, can you help with hotel bookings?
Kokan kanya train timing is 17.36
from when u will remain
hope to have you only to assist me.
do these atms dispense cash?
i am afraid i will have to raise an official complaint against the same..
stop the reminder for water
call me that time
please stop reminders
thanks for the offer but not right now thanks
lg service centre
in gandhipuram is there any agency
any bar nearby
kfcd02
that's what i want to know
do it asap
kfc
can you book ipl tickets
is there any coupon code for bill payments available?
are the charges of share ride are fixed?
sir is there any romantic kannada movie
may i have ur no
state bank atm
let me know the ways to reach kota from vadodara, fastest way
disable
remind me to make a call
thank u a lot
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 4 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 722573, user_id: 1979118, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
need one bhk
Bsnl net offers
i need a train ticket in chennai to madurai
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for everyday at 09:00 am { reminder_list: 554585, user_id: 1893524, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want to go to mumbai from amravati. on 11th march.
3g plans for my no
tis ride will paid by ola money
hallo sumit
match start huwa ki nahi
ok. u r customer support?
comandi2 movie
old pasport office
sorry for the mistake
Can you book normal ticket for today?
no cab booked yet
hey pls tell me how to order uttam nagar for burger king
do u work like alarm?
don't cancelle
and the rains have started batting
30 mins
hi wats d score
can you send me dat link
aaj koi offer he
please tell me d score
Any swimming coaching nearby for kids and adults near kurla West?
rhubarb restaurant at aundh
the response i got was bullshit seriously
"please proceed with below flights -	onward flight - rs.7588	vistara (uk-899)	new delhi to hyderabad	departure: 01:10 pm (05 mar)	arrival: 03:20 pm (05 mar)	 {product_id:0d641aa6cecb6b967afc8a2042b67fcb38c5bd37beb7c95291eb33fda72f4e03bfbc582e3914e23a679d3f910220af62027bdd7b5eb5c2af0fa65fe6dd1bc07b, api_name:goibibo_api, type:onward_flight, others:onward flight - rs.7588 vistara (uk-899) new delhi to hyderabad departure 0110 pm (05 mar) arrival 0320 pm (05 mar) }	return flight - rs.7483	spicejet (sg-124)	hyderabad to new delhi	departure: 08:40 am (06 mar)	arrival: 10:55 am (06 mar)	 {product_id:455f3f471eed1de83c5d84f7a38d24b8988b603fd8181200eff5c3b81c26c5379e967f4c52bff02b58a680f58aed7add465f2dfd4bf60fea216a711ed5eb47c1, api_name:goibibo_api, type:return_flight, others:return flight - rs.7483 spicejet (sg-124) hyderabad to new delhi departure 0840 am (06 mar) arrival 1055 am (06 mar) }"
libraries near by me
can i know _date_ match details
can you check
Latest movies in kolkata
hi vandana
morning 11
i want contacts of some printing shops
hi i know you i have seen you before okay leave that what was the score of west bengal _date_ and wicket
new delhi se allahabad
i wants to know the score nindia-pak love
find kpr college
"arrival city: delhi	departure date: march 8, 2017	return date: march 10, 2017	number of adults: 1"
Train time
how many total runs of kohli in ipl _numeral_
please remind me to go for lunch at 11.52am today
worli
whats live score
what is spinglabs
what are the fixture of next matches
what s rps position
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 608029, user_id: 1954678, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want to book cheapest flight of above
call mee
i am not getting any notification ,call etc for water reminder
where is shruti?
can i get tickets for world t _numeral_ semifinal for wankhede
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 03:43 pm { reminder_list: 721586, user_id: 1301569, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
ipl time tabal
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 07:15 am { reminder_list: 715222, user_id: 1783269, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
nothing for now
no colonies
sorry please reschedule the same
Can you help me with cab booking
cancel my drinking water reminder
i can't recharge from my credit card it's want cvv no. what is that cvv?
not mine
plz off the call reminder
have a good day
plz tel
send me the schedule for mumbai indians at wankhede stadium for ipl 2017
s3 movie
Remind me to give money to sankalp after 1 hour with a call
Naturals ice cream parlour
this is not colaba
can i get a ride estimate?
krushnai water park rate
share all the wallet offers available for my acc
Delhi to abad
not chennai central i want to find out for mahabalipuram
hi..  can you please do the web checkin for me
i want woching commando 2 movies
any coupon code
chillllllllllar
but can mumbai qualify for the playoffs
ipl _numeral_ best run of players name
please remind me at 8.30 pm today that i have to do my credit card bill payment
how i book ipl tickt
PRTC is it a volvo bus?
send a snap when done
thank you for the scores can you please stop notifying me
not possible
nope.. thank u for ur help
please update me with score every _numeral_ min
ms ramaiah memorial hospital bel road
goodnight anonymous
ind vs aus
okay thanks
ipl shedule in pdf form
i want to book a cab
yatri nivas
ge
Yes i want some food
wake me up today at 6 30 in the morning
How to upgrade 3g to 4g service in airtel
hii, shreya can you pls help in another type of work
Looking for bus from Surat to Mumbai after 11:00 am
brindavan express
ok david
could make amendment on saturday 4th march 2017 one.
ray ban showroom
great victory
hello, could you remind me to take my medicines 💊 ?{task}
who won the finale
Hey can you explain the difference in 2nd tire ac and third tire ac?
Ac repair
flight details for flight 6e 254
sorry...its mistaken
in bhopal
any coupons on recharge
ok do tht
how to go to manyata
when s the semifinal between lndia and west indies
leading run scorers
stop reminder for water
i ve sent a mail requesting the payment receipt mail
that's it
it's ok... don't worried for this.. i don't mind... ..
which team is batting first
woodland showroom near film city noida
name the _numeral_ franchises for wch prathiv patel played
"call ravish sir and meet in afternoon 	on monday"
and ngl vs mi nscore updates please
bhilai.cg
can u arrange in rewari
i want to book again please
i'm done with the task.
Train timings for 17th of dis month for Bijapur from bagalkot
quickly
Aandavan kattalai movie is playing in which theatre at katpadi?
scotr
ac room 3 star hotel i need
ok...i will update you when i need
can you do a thing
Shanti express
which place is pune in
not ticket
can i now get my update list of reminders ?
405 litre tata voltas
where is state bank of india
goa tour package for 5 nights with flight,hotel,breakfast and dinner
ahmedabad to falna
Can you get me some coupon code for airtel postpaid bill payment?
yes very well
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 723965, user_id: 1986198, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 05:54 am { reminder_list: 632485, user_id: 1916442, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
want to ask something
who may win finals
get me dominos options
thank yeah..
5905
dine
set another reminder {type: meeting}
u give me plz
last match update
are you
please send me orange and purple cap holders
is sunrisers going to semi final
tank u shruti...tanks a lot for u r care..u r remainders are just perfect...u did work awsme
9560712344 par 3 GB Se zyada aur 4 GB Se kam ka 3g pack chahiye
web check-in xdy9vw
Closest Allahabad bank to my location
arvind nagar  press center
booking offers
i will knock next ⌚
how do i add another mail id of mine?
tel me ortho care near vadapalani
barth
i want know flight ticket loeest fares for today
stations
aging it is black colour
plz send me link so that i can give u access to my ola account for cab booking
Boarding and departure time no particular preparence
by not studying
you gave akash a rating of 5 stars.
20 th march delhi to srinagar
I want some help with trains
8753310487
means like snacks
pakistan and newzeland match
could you please get me the complain email id for shopclues.com
schedule for train 10103 from cstm
good night u too
and time
plz tell me dear how i set monthly reminder
ai 126 flight from delhi to hyd ,which terminal it is
kon c train hai abhi ambala cantt to gzb/delhi 9am se pehle
i only need the train schedule
live scores update
pizza
how to avail 75 cashback..
wow that s a good score by rcb
Bangalore to Kerala train schedule for today
ipl highest of plyers
What if I want to stop the reminder
what cab
i have already done dat
i want to book tickets for dubai duty free tennis championship for 4/3/2017
wat's the charges
let me know when afridi comes out to bat
4 am 5_3,_17
which movie can i see at yavatmal?
can update me
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 12668{product_id:12668_vpt_ms,api_name:trains_api}"
can u help me finding car bettery shop
remind me tomorrow to call airtel porting madam at 10:30 am
so whose win percentage is more _date_
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sat, 04 march at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 695259-695260-695261-695262-695263-695264-695265-695266-695267-695268-695269, user_id: 1927627, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
which time arrived on muzaffarpur
ttul
i think _date_ is the first match
gummoning
return flight - rs.4722
i need d money to withdraw to my bank account
Heyy I wanted a reminder
toss hua
how many runs
After 8 pm any train check for availability in sleeper and 3rd ac
wake me up at 8:15 today
Hi I need to look at best travel option from morrisplains, new Jeresy US to Washington DC , US.
"		i want to know availability and fare in ac chair car (cc) in train number 12806{product_id:12806_sc_gnt,api_name:trains_api}"
any offer available??
goregaon west
Which is the best restaurant nearby
what was india strike rate
"pnr:8256823289,train:11013,doj:17-03-17,sl,hsra-ed,dep:23:15,	periyasami n,rlwl 45,	fare:165,sc:0.0 pg ins agent chgs, if any"
give me update every _numeral_ min of final match
trichy
i have a complaint with sbi
Can you tell me the ticket price and timings of songs of earth resort Hyderabad
i have booked table yesterday but i didn't get any sms confirmation as i had got earlier
Icici bank pls
nooo...
can you send me the royal challengers bangalore match schedule all the matches
just exploring the app
which teams r playing now
tq..
who is the of rcb
i like watching camando 2
is there any train for bangalore tonight from villupuram..?
Ow many seats are available for this bus
no boss this is good enough
kya karoo ab
cud u plz remind me to take my mom's hospital id card from my office, by 11am?
no sam e order
sorry can you resend the pics i can not view the images
ok ty
give me toll free num of sbi
आई वांट टू गो इन हरिद्वार
with have to go delhi
money is there or not
have a nice day
hello shruti
Can u suggest me cab
i would like to cancel 1 more reminder
Petrol pump near by tel me
mumbai s march
anyone of vijaya bank?
keeranur
who won the women s t _numeral_ world cup
my phone is not showing the _numeral_ g signal what do i do man
i would like to book one now
wake me up 6:30am
yuvraj
no after some time
pc-5
can you send me playing _numeral_ of both the teams
i don't no somewhere i kept my card i'm searching that
hello my recharge
contact details pls for technical person
no thank you bt keep sending me live scores and news
could you share full score card
eligible for eny booking offer
show rate for single person
tq yash
Movies releasing tomorrow
or i still chat with answering machine
wasim
Soup
please refund to the original payment method
Please call me 5.10 morning to go gym
who is the orange cap holder right now
flights
please when the match begin give me updates
i want to pay phone bill and looking for discount or cashback. can you help?
cancel all of my reminder
Is it a good time to visit barcelona and madrid in 2nd week of October
remove wake up call reminder
i don't have train number
i'm currently in terna engineering college, nerul
hey any update
any club in fatehabad road
tomorrow morning virar to surat train details
we lost it -
book store
Samsung service centre in Surat
not for waking me up
lowest price chaeya
for what u have done
trains to banglore
Hey, there I want to know the live train running status . The train no. Is 22943
Can I know the arrival time of train at karad railway station?
hi, i'm interested in watching jolly llb 2.
what ever start after 10pm today
yes please share the updates
any offer for train
can you send me the playing _numeral_
wat pakistan score
done!
please check my reminder for today 2: 45 pm .
can u tell me the duke dress store at kolkata
Aaj multiplex CTM me konsi movie hai
I want ticket info when dhoni releases
Machine is top load having two tub
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 09:00 pm { reminder_list: 725229, user_id: 1702832, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Need cake order
plz wake me up
thx
hebbuli movie in bellary
trying since 2 days fr postpaid payment
_date_ s who s match
Remind me to call Narayan bhai at 7 in morning
reminder of mmr
i would like to view more reminders. { user_id: 1689770, offset: 5, api_name: exotel }
who do you think will win _date_ s matches
and what about cruise
i need less fare ticket on tht day is my travel
Whn will it reach jaipur
any offers applicable to pay mobile bills n utility bills
Dunkin donuts menu
pls let me know where it's stuck
i want nearby dominoes
Hv booked the tkts for this.
"please show me one way flights from patna to jammu 		onward date - 15 march"
send me hotel details of lucknow
2 hrs once
any other
i ca n t find _date_ s match schedule
tell me bike rental near me
cancel my reminders please.
so you deal in movies ?
hiiii
bye good night
what is _date_ s ipl match results
and have a good day ahead
cheap flight tickets to cambodia on 30th march 2017
legon
and matches upcomming
acha ......koi n
when it will reach solapur
any late night shows elsewhere?
paneer
any recharge offers
ap sbhi talkies m lgi movie kaise check krte hai
Can i get the details of barbeque nation vashi
its costly..
I want to know about horror movie of Hollywood in dubbed hindi
Tourist
hi want ola share
tell me what happens as soon as it happens
i want to book for gyan ganga in tatkal
i want to set up wake up call for my friend
okayyy
Can u please suggest me a nearby food joint
can u check the list of movies running in thanjavur theatres
i have not booked the ticket yet. how can i provide pnr number ?
not, not wake up call
sathyam numbers
who ran smith out
Can you pls help me with the trains from Delhi to Viramgaon (Gujarat)
payment done by paytm
puneet did a good job
public access swimming pools
sir wht is the present score of hyd
any discount coupon
which team was won on last match
Find me a train from pune to Lucknow on 15th October
show me rate for 1 passenger
how to link uber account to haptik
thanks bunch :)
haridwar to delhi how much km
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 689130, user_id: 1978656, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
wait wait
can u pls tell me which documents neesed in travel by flight in india...if i want to go to new delhi from indore
can you advice a hotel on nh 5 , tanuku
so who should i place my bet on
any ofer
udaipur train schedule from jaipur
what is the status of my last recharge?
_date_ which team won at ipl
any movie offets
they want a reschedule
between 9.30am to 10pm
could you check with them what time are they gonna deliver ?
How much is fare??
Book bus ticket
My fan has not been repaired properly. Would need the electrician to be sent again to my place
Please dont call me
travels
plz update me for same
not now i will be give a order later
wake me up today at 6 am
I need 3 tickets
show me my to do list.
i want to travel from hyderabad to changoor in kerala
gvhgk
return evening section
great! thanx a lot.
Hey, can you find me the nearest place for car repair?{task}
where?
what time does it start
near gurugram
when was the matchs in hyderabad
opps sry give me point table info
7
live it
i don't want any call from your sude. i will do later but please don't make call to me.
what is india s schedule for next matches
hotel for dinner not for stay
See for the show timing aft 9
I want sbi ATM with cdm
I wanna go from yeshwantpur to mg road by metro
at a frequency of 1 hr
ths time i want burger can i order tht
why did you send me an old update before this
Remind me to meet Sumanth Anna at 6
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 692093, user_id: 1824312, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
is there any charge for this assistance?
squad of mi in _date_ s match
Flight status please amiksha
its today 9 am
i have not booked ticket yet
good .. so fast n so quick.
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 717748, user_id: 1054359, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
thank you so much for helping me update with cricket
what u will remind me
ho
any offer available?
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 05:30 pm { reminder_list: 685273, user_id: 1966802, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
"patli to aligarh 	train in this week"
thanks for that, and that's all i needed to know
and one more
recharge as in not for post paid bills ?
12226 kaifiyat exp
i want to see some adult movies can u please help me with that.
pls check the bal umesh and do confirm by reply
Egg
oohh great yee superb match
hi surru
list of things we carry befor start leh Road trip
remind me at 10:50 am today to book tickets.
can you arrenge me match tickets
i wanted indian breakfast
for every 10 min
Is their buses available for bellary
Could you check the cheapest flight tickets from Delhi to Kolkata for 12 oct agn
if i change the date to 31st march
give me updates about the score
s. thank u very much
i wanna eat vada pav
i don,t know
at gokuldham sanand ahmedabad
Nearest hallmark store?
i want to book today flight from raipur to new delhi
ola share
score kya hua h
hi gm
after _date_ match lost against new zealand
Hello .  need to know about goa train tickets rate from Bangalore ..??
can you tell me top _numeral_ plyrs in ipl with higest run
How much is the ticket cost?
man of da mach
"train no 16515	is there tomorrow"
ye qu send kiya
I want to travel from Rajarajeswari Medical College And hospital, mysore road, Bangalore to medibase coaching institute, banashankari, Bangalore. Can u suggest the shortest bus route
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 10:30 am { reminder_list: 709853, user_id: 1983207, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Mtnl bill payment
Departure City: Ahmedabad
who are you?
get me scores of india vs pak womens
its too much please suggest me 1200 range something
cashback?
Pls look for hotel in Ahmedabad with swimming pool facility
hello,2mrrw after noon at 1'o clock z thr any train from bnglr to tmkr.?
suggest route from kasmiri gate to  faridabad station
Train fare of spj to Ajmer jn class 3 a/c
Any SBI
Find me train from Bangalore to Nagpur, so that I reach there by tomorrow 5pm
i want a reminder of going to college at 11:40am
who is the player of match of _date_ cricket match
can you give me the score after each over
Need to search train timing
Can u please provide me a coupan code for free ola or uber ride
tel how to remove account frm haptik
sir mujhe kl okay match kkr or punjab ka full scorcard chahiye
who s playing now
can you please let me know eye doctors near tarnaka
dinner
Stop giving me any remainders
is there any discount?
Flight tkts 29th sept tezpur to kolkata  return 8th october
tell me schedule of upcoming matches
Sizzling brownie near kondapur
there should be some offers on bill payment
i have already that one
I want a cab from my location to punade
Distance  from  subas nagar,brahmapur  to brahmapur new bus stand
1.00pm
what options available to travel from pune to delhi via flight on 14th march , early morning ? time and price ?
what are the benefits of amla juice if consume early morning?
drank
whatare charges
show me flights for pune to chandigarh
can u remind me that i need to go to court on 20th of march
Can you tell me the cheapest flight from jaipur to mumbai on 5th october?
Malayalam movie
10 am saturday n sunday
there is a flight from lucknow which will first land in delhi and then will go to chennai
any restaurant
dude can u try for bogan 3.50show
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 05:15 am { reminder_list: 688151, user_id: 1941841, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i have to know the ride available in pune city
can you find me a hotel between rajinder nagar and gautam nagar
t.nagar bus stop to adayar km and traveling time
change  task tsccop am to pm
train from delhi to kalka
no have a great offer already in ola app
27th row
Hi want flight from Bangalore to Hyderabad  along with hotel 4 star in and around Lakdikapul ka pull Hyderabad.  Date 18/10/2016_20/10/2016
newzland v s pakistan
hey webs india next match
hello shidharth
what r the english movie release
i need recharge
plz send me the details
no thanks...
top hospital
k thank u
av 1 hur mia hia trian passenger
but i want to know the charges of spa services
need a lawyer
u guys are great!!
itz on 26 th march
i need no. of airtel office
plz get askback on my last ride
need to do web check in
i'm at shiv sena bhavan
well actually i'm planning for rameshwar so i'm looking for nearest airport and railway station for actual booking of ticket
How much distance from railway junction to candolim beach
okay i will let you know
till which date my wallet amount is valid?
can u hlp me
for simhapuri
any southindian restaurant??
i want union bank of india atm address
can u get me a open jeep on rent in trivendrum.
now i m going to sleep please do not disturb
its time for ne to leave
they have scheduled a visit for tomorrow
whr can i get maybelline product near my area
thank u so mu h anjali
at 11 30 in the night today
i need a list of all movies and their show timing
web page are not opening
Smoking joes offer for today
hi..arjith
About booking a cab
can you tell me the nearest hall near me where this movie is screening
please update me live score score every _numeral_ min
i need breakfast
aby film
27 feb ko
now i need the review
so phone number also is not there
call me remind me for drinking water every half an hour from tomorrow
How to check internet balance in vodafone?
please tell me all the matches scheduled in feroz shah kotla
1 question.. whom shoud i pay. haptik? urbanclap or one stop it solution
bahubali 2 movie h?
paytm
remind swati to remind pavitra to give papers at 11 am tomorrow
not i am not buy film ticket
hello pankaj.. can you please assist me book a bus to pune boarding near by andheri east station
no sms or mail please
wake me up at 3:30am,3:35am,3:40am ,3:45am,3:50am,3:55am,4:00am today
happy
hi! i need to schedule a pick up and drop service.{task}
Recd call from Mahesh, person will be coming around 0700pm today to collect the laptop
wake me up in 10
mess will come?
348/- special pack 1gb internet and 300 local std minutes each day
what is the new thing which umpires are having these days in ipl in that hand
i just want to check my budget for travel
Hey, I'd like to order a pizza. Is any hotels open today?
1st week of November'16
how frequent need to drink
i want to book an auto
thx aman but my nutritionist has told me to stop drinking a lot of water
I want to know the platform no of nandigram express which departs from Mumbai cst at4:30pm
reliance to vodafone or idea
it's still not working..
now am in maharashtra
can talk hindi or marathi language
o matches played _date_ first match was played
Book ticket for
amout was payed.. jus pay it back right now. i cant wait 2,3 days for the refund.
is there any offer on trains booking?
pooja😘
give me todays all batting of mi team
what time will _date_ s match start of ind vs aus
i will give feedback after your reminder performance
i need cake
Can you please check the seat availability in bed travels from nandyal to Hyderabad
no....
trains frm borivli to vapi after 5pm
matches for _date_
the wait list wil be conformed or not
i just enquired
i want to watch this movie in ghaziabad
i want to learn driving
Sunam to chandigarh  prtc ac bus timing need
9533445163
i have asked something?
show me a very near one
may i know the movies in the mall of mysore..
Dhoni movies
what abt another match in night
alert me about the next sunrisers match
thank u soham
all upcoming reminders
how set
unless there are good cashback offers, we are not up with a closed wallet haptik
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 681154, user_id: 1976465, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
its not dining time i guess stop spamming
8/15/2017
Yes..  Issue solved. Wanted to give him 5 (full)  star for his quality of service
no reply
nearby shoes market
will you call me??
aap mere frnd ko bhi
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 671383, user_id: 1973168, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
31st march, 4adults,air carnival, maa to cbj
where do you live
i said every hald hour
is there any way to share this information
dates
looking out for ur biopic,,, vil watch , first day, first show on 14th,,,
remember for a visit to endeavor with sir.
please show my to-do list of pending tasks ✔️. {to_do_list}{task}
What are the movies releasing on 7th of october hindi and english both
delhi daredevils _numeral_ _numeral_ mumbai indians
but you said initially that it would arrive by 10.30
Mumbai to dehradoon
bitragunta passenger ...
Ok do me another help. Can  just tell me which wd b da cheapest flight from bbsr to mumbai on 27th
Places to visit in Guwahati city ??
available trains for goa from belgaum on11 march 2017
i cancelled it by mistake kindly reschedule it again
which all matches are _date_
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for fri, 03 march at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 694383-694384-694385, user_id: 1969920, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
okay please update me after evry over
it is showing me payment mode by credit card net banking
thanks vanisha
Can you book a room for checking in tomorrow 10 am for one night in Chennai near Custom House and Beach Station Mannady.
k samiksha
kal dekh okay batana koun jeetega
got anything more?
where? havent received any!
hi dear friends can you give me some information
what is the position of kkr
Where is SBI ATM
Which theatre??
can you tell me who won _date_
hello reshma
i want check seat availability
how much fare of 17413 train vm
malvika
Please book my return flight from  Bangalore to Chandigarh.
k tnx
Tickets to Vizag from Secunderabad
Fab...
thank you sumuch
is there a bug..
"what about if 		basic service & installation"
is there any cashback or offer for postpaid bill payment?
12/30/1899
i wanna know the fare from my location to spesso gourmet kitchen nariman point
can i book a ipl ticket
review of raees please
please tell me about how mny ms dhoni runs scored in ipl _numeral_ season
no worries ✌️
bbyee
How can I go to Hazrat Nizamuddin railway station from jangpura metro station
i can see it only when i open haptik
cab required
scoree _numeral_
Show corporation bank atm
remind me for meeting with sushant sehgal at 7 30 pm on coming tuesday
did u place d order for me?
ok bro
aap jane ki bhi book kr dijiye
then what can i do. that you find my shop for someone
ryt??
is this coupon is valid on weekends
need 3 tickets
I want to book tickets for ms dhoni
payment method is debit card
Can you suggest best honeymoon packages within india
Yes i want early morning buses
is there any other cab
nwz letter
did you go for any match
hi pooja. if i book ola cabs now. shall i claim my 75 rupees
cleartrip
i just wanted to comfirm if cab would be available til malgudi vattikka
_date_ konsa team jeetega
i want to go goa
can i get his contact number
are tickets for logan 4th march10 pm show available at imax koramangala
and the qualifiers and final schedules
leading run scorer un ipl _numeral_
can you please let me know
alwar rajesthan
yes i have card
send me the list of maximum wicket taker
muparimannam
Can you help me find out dominos
I had cancelled my ticket from solapur to Gulbarga for Shatabdi express but I am still due to receive my amount
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 05:30 am { reminder_list: 705329, user_id: 1981912, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i am looking for tv repair
Is it possible to make it confirm as mah coach n seat no.
stop sending update of ipl
i recharged for 55 on 8625849583 (telenor-mh)
give me india s upcoming tours
hi, mr. jay, good morning...
i want the team member list for rcb
For power bank
but last time wen my sister booked for a ride. i was u who booked
whisky pine ka time
My recharge 10
anyone there
I want to know train between delhi to shirdi
Hyderabad to Delhi date of journey 25th November 2016 flight
pizza from pizza hut
is there any cancellations charge after booking
Please find Vodafone stores nearby
If I book ticket
stop reminder pls
when india will play next
"		i would like to cancel my to-do: to get your mobile for everyday at 09:00 am { reminder_list: 304272, user_id: 1792241, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
rate is very high
are there any other offers
I can't remember me my reminders
match status please
i want in telugu language
this one is just 500 mtrs  and the one which u shared was 1.7 kms
Nearby lounge
hay
which academy?
i want to learn car driving
what are _date_ matchs
how was _date_ s match
not playing in your area
Hot Maggi noodles kitne ka hae
Book train  tiket
can u guys give tips for that
any pediatrician
By any chance, can I reserve a ticket to Bangalore from kuttippuram railway station, for tonight
thankx bro
Look for a ticket from Coimbatore to Chennai on 18th September
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 722477, user_id: 1985635, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
can i get _date_ s match details
south hall cafe
Check PNR 2422685458
can you help me with the address of mtnl exchange in chattarpur
plz send me location
forget it
please send me the ipl updates for every _numeral_ mins
Plz update on the status of morning g shatabDi from new Delhi to Amritsar
hey tejas, the official website for indigo airlines has server issues and cannot be contacted as of now. shall i update you after an hour ?
12/30/1899
nthng much thanks
thank you for care...
Yz Marathi movie
can u tell me nearest allahabad bank branch
no its note
do u book concert tickets
now msg received
but is the points table updated
please me for that
sorry. thank you.
Andhra bank ATM
if i'll book the 101 am eligible for cash back
Plz tell me all film running in darbhanga
"please show me one way flights from new delhi to surat 		onward date - 07 may"
is there any cash back when i book ticket
i dont have a dth
do u have any office in delhi as well
not know i let you know
thanks for now
can u cheak seat avability of chennai expresse
bus stind
sleeping coach
okay thanks for the info and we will go and buy the ticket there it self
hey sayali send the score over to over
bhuyandev cross road, ahmedabad
and the probable teams _date_
rajestan honda sovwrum ke no. de sekte ho
What are the new upcoming Tamil movies this Friday?
has match started
jannayak kitne baje hai
i will get discount right?
plese send me again 17.10.2016 flight fare
there is no ola rider in my city
Hi. .  Please stop water Reminders
Can  u check hotels near
nj1ggb
show my reminders
are ma am you have shared the schedule and not the points table
Kiit square pizza hut phone number?
mani aap se 1 ticket  booking  ke hai
rcd n dd
hi vanisha tell me gas station on my way
i meant individual who scored the highest run
movie ticket booking
at my home
of my house
Can you find out if any restaurant or food delivery site is taking orders today in Bangalore
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 307860, user_id: 1848683, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Total budget for hotel is 10,000 for staying 2 nights & 3 days
i want you to find me flights from jaipur to goa on 13 march
please provide me with detailsp
2 साल के बच्चे को फेसबुक पर इंग्लिश में बर्थडे विश कैसे लिखे
after 15 minutes, march 2nd 2017
Plz find me the courier services nearest to the food inn restaurant in lokhandwala market, andheri west
okyyy fyn
both price
I am looking for hotel in Bhilai.
i got d cab cancelled as it was coming with state tax 10 k
stop giving remainder for water...i am habituated to it......
eng sl
Need to book reservation in INAZIA gachibowli
hellow there
atm with cash?
check pnr status
thank you akshay
payment  card
travel now
i asked you for match scheduled
who is batting at d moment
Change class 2ac
kavitha
i have queries
can you resend my air ticket for today
so nice of you aman
Kya app muje domino's pizza burger ka price bta skte hain?
find the train ladnun to jaipur
estimated fare
ill let you know
check pnr status 8256770550
ATM NEAR BY MY LOCTION
tell me the name of players who is playing todays match in both tha team
Tirupati to Chennai train timings plzz
but do not work at the time of recharging
how is the amount rs 120 when it was written 100 on the menu?
any predictions abt tomorrows match between pune and gujrat
can you pliz change the time of my wake up call
Can you find me nearest mobile shop
hi how are u
meenakshi i forgot to mention phone number in my deliver address.....do u have the facility to update it with them
yeshwantpur , bangalore
any atm for bank of baroda?
can you please tell me the places to visit inside shantiniketan?
sry i don't want to ride now
i didn't receive the call yet
age of yours
you have cheeted me i asked for alaram mng 3.30
dude... would i need to open the app
4 30 pm today
any offer on train booking
Hey plzz turn off the alarm
Wht abt trains?
hey nothing ..no thxxx
please tell me score quickly
is there any offer?
please start updating me
want rental car to lonavala from mumbai
Remind me to turn off motor at 7.35am today
Hey, want to book train tickets for September 25th from kalyan to Nagpur
"departure city: dr/dadar	destination city: advi/adavali	date of travel: april 23, 2017	class: sl - sleeper	number of adults: 2"
not these
i want a reminder every 5 mins from 6am to 7am
how many matches r left for them and how many they must win to sucure their place at the play offs
oh, thanks :)
let me know the different data plans
shopping reminder
dhom dhom dhoni
Who ll call me to wake up...tomorrow morning
Set this reminder on daily basis.
what about gujrat and rcb score
hii daniel.. my location is pune..
upcoming reminders?
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 04:00 am { reminder_list: 700863, user_id: 1872865, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Flight price to Chandigarh?
when srh _date_ match
can you not schedule a booking?
driving school
Can u find out lenevo service center near by my address
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 694764, user_id: 1918293, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
got the order
Want to know electrical repairing shop nearby madiwala
any cash back code
where is the noon match _date_
but i need one more help
hy
The best Italian  restaurant around
not at all. it shows 1.5 km far
is parvaiz rasool playing for rcb
hey can you give me the match results please nscorecard
mdfaiz3012@gmail.com
who s gon na win this ipl
less then 3500 per head
at what time does the next match start
who will win the ipl this time
i need to know about offers on mobile bill payments
smartwallet?
a reminder for timely consumption of water
srocrs
manappuran fin.limited patiala me near kaha h
Candle light dinner
please help me. its urgent.
Indigo 6E665 from Delhi to mumbai today   .PNR no B91URZ...name Atul Kumar Sharma...request u to kindly help me do a Web checkin
you did not tell me
yes please keep me updated
_date_ rcb s match is there
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 04:00 pm { reminder_list: 705704, user_id: 1189281, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
6658716502 pnr status
matchs
please tell me app...now
cheapest one
naturals
I wanna order food from hotel TADKA near cbt miraj and i want as parcel and i ill get it while going to home...
thanks... love ya 😙
sorry sorry. i clicked on it erroneously.
you already asked this
less in fare
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 684329, user_id: 1977404, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
hey akash.. i didn't receive any confirmation for mobile payment
Can u check if there's a AC seat available in train no. 12855 from bhatapara to nagpur on 16th or 17 th sept
i got the cab
Hi, It's dinner time, get your assistant to order food for you right now! :)
I don't want to place an order
i want to change my haptik registered mobile no
not really
ok bye
Nearest SBI atm
model town ambala
let s me score time to time
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 05:00 am { reminder_list: 686199, user_id: 1951200, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
thnks sir
muje vivo ipl ka lest sahye
who do you think will qualify for playoffs in ipl
please send the score of hyderabad sunrisers
"		hi, i want to book ubergo {product_id:18ba4578-b11b-49a6-a992-a132f540b027, api_name:uber, product_name:ubergo, seat_count:none}"
towards south delhi
ts halltickets search by names 2017
dono teams okay run b btao
no booking
hi frnd good morning
i'd like to order from dominos and see available deals.{task}
kya bhai indian ka kab hai match
Bus for Rajkot to bhuj
good nyt
just show me last year reminders
no what i'm saying is i just need to check in
I want to deactivate the every hour reminder
i want just to remind me regarding water for every 2 hrs thats it
what other movies
i want to visit russia nalchik city
did jaguar movie is running in secundrabad
no thanks write now i don't have such ride required   i shall be call as and when required
what is the opening ceremony shedule of ipl _numeral_
could u pls check for flight tickets for me from cochin to jaipur?
can give point table
master chef
this us below 100
Give me all the movie timing of today arti cinema hall barasat
with 75 cash back
any offer for post paid
any offers available for bill payment
sorry please cancel the reminder
hyderabad is playing right
plz don't remind me on sunday
but i must tell you ..i have talk one more person in morning regarding movie tickets..but not got satisfactory answer like you
ride never
jo dehle m. metro traine chalti h. wo wali
i did not get my cashback till now
any air india flights from huderabad to new delhi on sunday
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 537334, user_id: 1931522, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
top wicket taker boller of ipl _numeral_
offers on train?
what total price which i select
"i want to know d status of filght 	no 9w 328 jet from ahmedabad"
What about 7pm show pink in pvr juhu
we loose the match now what you can do for me
do we have any offers
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 07:35 pm { reminder_list: 697751, user_id: 1980625, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want no.
no sorry it was sent by mistake
hey! sorry but i don't require it right now, was just exploring the app. :)
today evening 5pm
can you get me d updates of _date_ s match
intex speaker service center
thx very much
nearest bank of india?
Goa to mumbai trains today n tmrw anytime..confirmed 2 tickets plz let us know
hey shraddha what you say who won the cup
bangalore  to tirupathi.
I need chicken fry
is not accepting
what matches we have _date_
which are the leading movies
will i get the discount as i got last time ?
tamil movies in coimbatore
restrunt near by me
find me the cheapest flight in the month of april
what was the last match result
seckendrabad  railway station  se golkonda  fort ka kiraya  kitne  h
hello ronak
checking with that !!!
Which movie is running in kondotti
wat do u want
"actualy i am continuing chating,  which was with m/s varsha regarding train ticket, sl class, ...	can you read above chating now. right now  i need seat availibity of above train no., i gave my id proof also to her by email.  only pending is to pay for booking it was rac 77/68, if still rac? please check."
Can you find me best reliance  jio prepaid plans
again you did a mistake in my reminder
you r robot ?
i want to pay my light bill but processing cycle
logan reviews
who won mumbai match
i want to book tickets for 23 march from pune station to solapur junction
to pune
at vijaya bank
Meeting today
require one cab from chandigarh airport to ludhiana today at 10.00 am.
recharge
book tickets for final _numeral_ adults _numeral_ child
hey remind me to pray
can you send me updates whenever
hey lakshat!
thank you dude please give updated
support india in _date_ s match
Don't call me jus a text reminder will do :)
hey i needed a call reminder for my drinking water
yes.. all went fine.. thanks
hai..
want near by masjid here
please give me point table
jw kitchen
thnks fr reminding me
Hello pooja
i need in hindi
why the arrival date is wrong
Can u plzz check and tell me ms dhoni untold story move realising in Albert theater
air cooler shop
great rahane is playing
booked bus ticked instead
Today train timings from delhi to ludhiana,, I dnt know any train no
Hi, remind me on Sunday @12 to attend taimur rehmans class
no storage please
can u update by 11
Cancel all my reminders
it's available conform tikket
much appreciated !
Cash deposit machine in karol bagh
Looking for some theme based restaurant
Obc bank location only
thankew
marathon running ka hindi me bnana ji
kashipur uttarakhand
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 05:00 am { reminder_list: 715155, user_id: 1984279, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want to order chicken
Remind me to do weight loss
3/15/2017
lala land
whn is aust vs ind match
everyday. every two hours.
how much rating of movie kiss kiss ko kyar kru?
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 11019{product_id:11019_pune_bbs,api_name:trains_api}"
thank you mr suraj
will let u know if required
I have to set a reminder to my friend
*now
yestedays final
virat kohli is playing _date_ or not
wat to know hathway office
in this vivo ipl _numeral_
what are possible qualifying scenario s for each team
Hey pals I need afternoon trains to chennai centrql
what...???
yhee sure whome you r supporting ind pak
what is next 3d movie
any recharge offer
logan this weekend
Hello Mr Mohit, the carpenter came and the work is done
television, tv, 3seater sofa, 3 wooden normal chairs, other household clothes, vessels etc
yes send me live updates of india vs pak _date_
need help
stop for now
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 381326, user_id: 1881148, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
why so long? is there any chance of ticket not confirmed?
i need a reminder
thnk yo
what about rain
uco bank in vasant kunj
i checked the link
punjab and srh
is any offer live
i want to get pick up and drop done{banner}
Can v cancel the flight tickets
can you verify if room available for saturday
it's enough to me. once again, tq
could you tell a detailed review
kolkata knight rider news
ok fine thank you 😊
who is the person replaced by gayle
where is d venue of semi finals
I didn't ask for this reminder as of now
r u going off line
the scores of the _numeral_ st match _date_
assistance
Any idea about the cabs near airport to Lonavala? Not ola uber. Normal one costing low
man of matcj
there was 200rs cashback offer
hello komal
what s your prediction for the match _date_
Is there any offer if I recharge thru haptik
HSBC atm
when i reach the airport
any offer for dth recharge
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for everyday at 06:30 am { reminder_list: 484617, user_id: 1907639, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
4 circus range kolkata 700019
please stop the reminders permanently
15 min.baki hai.. bye..
i am feeling not better
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 05:45 am { reminder_list: 525355, user_id: 1927809, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
any offers?
could u pls remind me 2 wash my clothes @ 3.00pm 2day
shoping kerni hoto kise help le
give me details of _date_ matchs last over
can you please track this voice sms like that
Pvr orion
current score kya hai
mere reminder ka kya hua
pls remind me to drink water after every hour
hey i have booked my bus ticket.. thanks for reminding me
pune panvel
can i recharge ola money with this app
Nearby silverleaf showroom
Green hill resort
no issues. thanks
it's very much there on the screen
and prompt answer
Hey, can you find me the nearest Cafe?{task}
Swimming pool
tq umang n haptik
Best pizza
can you help me with some more places please..!
map alkali brts root
on customer review
K I need timings of jet airways
21e
"pick up city: new delhi	drop city: manali, himachal pradesh, india	pick up date: april 7, 2017	pick up time: 4 55 am	return date : april 9, 2017"
😊
also give me the list of leading run scorer
how does the service go about?
if i want those 150rs ...wat shld i do
video highlights
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 685220, user_id: 1976399, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
8.3
that's fine
and srh also
Please find me a cheap hotel room for 4 guests in Jaipur
Remind me to eat dinner in 15min
5/2/2017
new delhi to koderma on 10th of march
I want to eat something healthy yet tasty???
"can u first tell me total	i do not want to book now"
no.
please tell me the scorecard of eliminator match
disable all reminder
when match start
ac room
need point table
not watching ipl bro no csk
ICICI BANK
pls check my one status
Book. A cab for me
hii... need one clarification...
Train from jalandhar cantt to bhopal j
Kutch Express
is there any match in ferozshah kotla stadium delhi of this world cup t _numeral_
how it will take from kolkata to delhi?
sure,in coming time
Hehe lol water ke liye bi reminder...
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for fri, 03 march at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 689202-689203-689204-689205-689206-689207-689208-689209-689210-689211-689212-689213-689215-689216-689217-689218-689219-689220-689221-689222-689223, user_id: 1977480, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i booked 5 train tickets few days back having pnr 2128511501
update me each and every over
from pune station to jivan super market
other travel modes
can u confirm ticket availability at pvr palava
I need to book bus ticket
sure arrange more
thnxx a lot
is mi out of the match
Yes first of all give me the details of cinemas where it releases and tickets cost
i want the deluxe hotel rate in gangtok
hello i just wanted to check the status of flight 6e525 indigo udaipur to delhi
no that's fine. thanks
12719 train from ajmer to hyderabad seat availability
Can you find cheapest flight from mumbai to delhi on 28 oct
I have a problem with the DNS server in my laptop
i took my medicine thank you for reminder
Seat availability for Tuesday in Pragati Express from Pune to Panvel - class 2s
Please i hv told u 3 times tht stop  all reminders 4 me including drinkin water reminders
what problem sir recharge incomplete
Train booking AMLI to JAJPUR 8th September
I would like to book a uber
give me schedule match
Beverage outlet nearby
how many time dear ?
I want to know about my ticket status
remind to go to gm rail on 9th march
its old table give me new
is there any offer on electricity bill payment
Temper is my humble reminder for Hindi
thanks dinesh for your help
noo thanks
well can you explain about ipl leagues
on which site
ji kr skte
acha tell me the final score
remainder
i wanted to travel widin mumbai 2mrw..n cover maximum places tats a must see in mumbai...can u help me route it?
Show me train timings for tomorrow from spn to bly
i do recharge everytime
web check in?
Non veg best hotels
i m at haydrabadi hut
hey khushboo
i don't have signature debit card
i need scores for _date_ s evening match
i'll let you know
kolkata win the match
Show me pizza
is it full name
syber
sir please again send link
which restaurant would give me the best anniversary cake?
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 05:40 am { reminder_list: 687275, user_id: 1978418, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
why the amount is refunded
phone is not ringing
hello david
hey hi
no not in ths thing
i am iin panvel i wanna cab
_date_ s match timing
elephiston movi show time
also every night 10pm
"i am interested in		movie name: rangoon 	date: 3 march	venue: pvr: mgf, gurgaon"
are cabs available?
Plz help me actually I m totally confused about flight booking cost
grt keep updating
if you could book a cab for me olease
06/03 5pm mosquito bat
Please remind me as I have to take selfi stick from Car at 11.30 AM todat
and now i want to transfer money to another ac
Any best plan for Docomo user
hey can you wake me up at 8:00 am
wait a second
t _numeral_ power rating of virat kohli
Call me two times
delhi to guwahati
it was asking for permission i allowed
srh team for final match
someone left me at cab booking
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 723666, user_id: 1985988, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
82565 89875 pnr no
Money?
gogo bro i mentioned above
vinnar movi which theatre
i need tickets in 16863
Night out restaurant
please give me an online link where i can watch it live
3 rd ac fare?
the update is wrong
Ballari to mantralaya bus timings
can you please do a spicemax checkin
Any ticket avialable in truvandrum
Can you schedule the same reminder call for everyday
it came by mistake sry
best movemnt of the match
Of Axis bank
check status of train pnr 8756227925
i'll quickly confirm what i need to get delivered.
chamge it to 12pm to 9pm
air india (ai-544)
gkp to jbp
Hi.. Can u tell me a good veg restaurant nearby to have dinner.. Budget is 1000 for 4 people
i will se it later
i know but u r my friend !
apne hi mera shedule set kia hai na
Hotel in Vrindavan on12 September
do you have any offers on bill payment?
What are the ticket charges here?
offers on online order
can you send me the list of ipl pont table _numeral_
i would like to know any nearby place where they can deliver a cake if ordered to the address??
why my transaction is getting cancelled again and again
"		i would like to cancel my call aunty for eq reminder for mon, 06 march at 10:14 pm { reminder_list: 720929, user_id: 1960739, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want to take a massage
sex gils
How to know tata docomo special offer by dialing star code
Are there any offer on pizza nearby
Bbsr to Hyderabad
i can transfer money of haptik in paytm
i m book within 15min
bangalore is loved one
when will it start
any malayalam movies in kolkata?
what will gujarat lions have to do in order to get into the qualifiers
is there air carnival flight ?
which team won _date_ s rcb vs kxip
Recent movies in r world 21 gandhinagar
Get me the nearest sbi bank details plz
how do i find u the whole day online
shop
wrong one
kite ahe
notify me if there is any offer for flight tickets between 2nd june to 6th
I needed maggi masala packet of 6
route map pls
any deals for domino's
there any domestic flight to trevandram
no. thanks i will let u know thank you
pay act fibernet bill
updated table
what do you think who will win _date_ s match
want to change date and time
orange cap list
hi i want to know nearest bag chain repair shop
same 9 march
sorry dimpal jaiswal
yea thank you 😊😊
wake me up at 9.15am and 9.30am today
refer and earn is also valid for recharge or not???
sorry for canceling
lyer
done! thanks
at 3 pm tomorrow
12/30/1899
Hi I need contact number of apple service centre gwalior
restaurant near by me
Can i get bananas
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 08:00 pm { reminder_list: 723855, user_id: 1986129, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
please stop this reminder
i m looking to order food from amar juice centre irla ..can u help me..?
can i know about the toss
thank you .. i was in meeting n u did all the work over the chat... gr8 man
score is same after _numeral_ min
and in ipl who won
i want to search samsung showroom
sumit jee any offer to watch this movi.
cn you give me d points table fr ipl _numeral_
no wake up. meeting at 1 pm.
Can i get bus tickets for travelling from kolkata to Bhubaneswar
can i cancel my tatkal ticket nd get refunded
I need travelers package for port Blair and Ireland
hey, can you give me a movie review on cars 3?{task}
Ajmer to mumbai trains sleeper class non ac and one adult
Find any theatre nearby my location
gulbarga to goa...
i want to change time of wake up call
1:10 am 9:55 am option
kevin sen me the
cancel d last remainder
remind me on 29th at 8pm
would you like to help me
👎
there?
what is laden's full name
can i get 75 cashback now?
Hotel sovereign nani daman
would like to know where to buy plus size swim wear in ahmedabad
tell me about remaining _numeral_ matches
From
Flight ticket is available
oh ya thanks
Place to visit in agra and also give distance from my hotel taj inn
i want to go jaipur on 10th of march
any updates for this match
come on dont you know god
in jayanagar 6th block
Pizza?
perhaps in august this year.
hi n n n n ngive some updates
do we have any matches tdy
let s hope india makes
and can you please tell me the total runs of virat on this ipl
call manilal and shetty
"please proceed with below flights 	chennai to new delhi"
any coupon for train booking
do n t send any updates
the reminder
Seat ability
i need go to kinathukasavu.... with out taffic route plz
I need a cab from akshardham metro station to anandvihar
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 7:00 am to 10:00 pm. { reminder_list: 683428, user_id: 1974720, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
check my location m not at that place
virat kholi wife
is ot inclusive all taxes
tell me the live score
sry not now ll let u no later
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 08:00 am { reminder_list: 725216, user_id: 1702832, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
great idea
feed me something i am hungry
Change to inox kachiguda
did you know what is the date of ipl
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 697882, user_id: 1959562, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
no problem
rcb detailed score
Nearest multiplex
over please
I want to leave kolkata on 26th via rajdhani or duranto to delhi
any other restaurant??
if i cancel the ticket after the chart would be prepared then how much they will deduct?
12/30/1899
can you tell me is there any bus from nasik to aurangabad
yes i need live updates of this game
hi where is icici bank deposit machine located????
for x-ray
i am looking for tiffin services in andheri or juhu
so nice of u
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 05:00 am { reminder_list: 726742, user_id: 1979234, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
thanku 🙂
customer care tata sky
hellow
there should be more groups nthis is n t the complete league table
can u get me the seat availability of train no. 12481 from dli to bti on 4th april 2017
can u pls tell me where is the bank of india atm??
hotel rate at chikhaldara?
i didn't get reminder
can you predict who will win
Activate DND on 9820947791
what's your name
hi we take tatkal tickets directly in railway station which proofs we need pls check
near by naturals
travel insurance
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 05:01 am { reminder_list: 707245, user_id: 1982442, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i hv to cal a client
send me the updated table this one s old
match schedules t nteam stage gujarat lions
i have another 2
from my location
45 min
i asking for hotel rooms
please stop
can u order food from box 8
hi  deepi, can you tell , how much fare to travel from my location to banjara hills road 2 near to lv prasad hospital , tomorrow morning after 8 am
no i really enjoyed your app services. thank you
nope that was good.. thanks for the suggestion
today morning at 7:45
flight tickets from pune to gwalior
I want to book Hotel Shriram {product_id:747138, product_name:Hotel Shriram, api_id:9, api_name:cleartrip, pah:false} {carousel_cta}
_numeral_ s number team in ipl
make it fasrt pls
wake me up at 8 am
vimalagiri
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for sat, 04 march at 07:30 am { reminder_list: 701806, user_id: 1981166, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
do you provide any package moving services ?
then mumbai indians will win
can you please tell me scores as soon as the match starts _date_
gd nt888...
need help for web check-in
i want substation control room details
only mumbai indians matches
i am support rcb
Please remove all morning alarms for wake up
hmmm no issues
i think i need to uninstall this application
i drink more water
😃
I want the timings of falaknuma to Secunderabad trains list
Andhara bank near me
ongoing ipl
remind me to ask ma to change the medicine bottles and fill up the required medicines
i dont know to use this app
2 persons travelling
gm pooja
Wake up alarm on 8th sep at 8 am
no i want to go till darbhanga
matches results
msedcl ka bill pay ho sakata hai
i want know points of core anderson
also
Central Chennai to arakonnam train
can you suggest me some theater near hsr layout for this movie?
howareyou
reminde me daily
sakshi no one contacted me yet.. my cashback is still pending.
ohk
I waana book a plane ticket
ok jaane do
"will it be avail by call or text?	but,it would be better if will make a call"
i don't understand this. 50% cashback
Tomorrow travels for Nagpur
5:45 pm today
Are there any hotels in beas to stay
Remind me to give glucose exactly after 30 min.
who was the highest scorer for mi
10 march nikita
Restaurants in bandra for dine in
6664930632
for 10 no need
not like that
I want to eat Chinese
hi i still haven't received the data i recharged for yday.. 300 full talk time and 349 special recharge
can all reminders be cancelled?
Yess i want to book package of foreign trip
n whats the cost of one tikt
u can cancel reminder
i just want to know
what is live match status of india match
movies in vellore
I want a std offer unlimited in airtel to airtel...........
wht
but it has not came yet
Let's stop this reminder
please tell nearest iob bank atm?
General  3 tickets
nai
what is the date of next indian match
movie north country maal
which details
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for tue, 07 march at 07:06 am { reminder_list: 612157, user_id: 1811568, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
review pls
time of ipl
bangalore cantonment
hi harsha
kholi
very good morning daniel
Where can I find the sandwich to eat in Vizag
"		hi, i want to book share - 2 seat {product_id:share, api_name:ola, product_name:share - 2 seat, seat_count:2}"
Thodari in mafurai theatres
all are sold out
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 683780, user_id: 1950086, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Cam i book a train ticket here
how to get 75 off for first 3 ride
hlooo
colleges
xxx the xander cage
hi can i know if there are any tickets available for finals in bengaluru
"call me 4 times at 8 am today 	morning"
very good experience.
Tel me tatkal booking ticket availability for12133 and 22629
hey thnks aman first option is really near ro.me thnks show the location
Book 2 tickets of pink
i will get
Can U send link for Ola
no i m looking for material by which engine's spare parts are made
scor
in evening after 6
thank u dear and sure
indian bank
Timing?
which movie better
the nearest stationery shop
10 march exam
calcium  every sunday evening
hello aditya
no it was by mistake
I n3ed 2 chicken biryani
stop reminder
Nearby gym's
okay. no it's alright pranay. thank you :-d
please help me in getting a  boarding pass
find a atm nearby
I just had a birthday reminder
scoresheet
who are the players in this year s rcb team
ipl me kal koan koan jeeta hai
remove all alrams
bosco public school paschim vihar
meenakshi ji how are you
give me information about this
it's okay, but as a suggestion, please ask first what services needed before showing the rate card
wifi connection
i want a honeymoon tour in 29 december to 3 january in aboard
Can u yell me the phone number of dominos vidhyadhar nagar jaipur to order pizza
how much price fr the movie
no, thanks
the 22 march reminder should say " wish u a very happy birthday party hard"
Hi I want taxi
I want to know the timing of train Roorkee to ambala
who got man of the match
what happened to my refund
Flight booking
Best route for shimla from meerut
flight
Can you plz cancel tis reminder
i search for honda two wheeler service centre
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 08:00 am { reminder_list: 662611, user_id: 1970983, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
when is the final match and where
please remove my all reminders. i will do after sometimes
rs 100 recharge ho gaya kya
thank you. good morning
yes for betting
i had set three times
doing good
early wicket pune face the similar phase
can you find me a place to live?
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for thu, 02 march at 08:20 am { reminder_list: 678266, user_id: 1822166, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
what's new in ur update
Any library near by
wait i inform u ok
is david warner still playing
wht is the price
what price for spicejet?
do you have information regarding passport ?
hey, what are some food delivery deals around me?{task}
5916
the conjuring 2 kaha par lgi hui ha
can you help me by booking a table for 6members  1 kid at 36(chattees), secunderabad
kkr already aqalified
no i don't want to cancel
wokay! will let you know about the booking by tomorrow!
tats al thank you for your help
for tomorrow malyalam movie
Can I know the review of shallow..!!
gm miss archana
My iPhone 6 Plus is not turning on please help
could you help me find project centres related to aviation in bangalore?
we 21748963
Release date of jack reacher
lukhnow
tatkal booking details
thanks ,how much i have to pay to him
true data free trial
can i get a yoga trainer
Acha can u do Tatkal tickets??
jr. kg
anyways
is valid on transaction of travel only?
btayea muje
not sure
good afternoon.
i prefer for gowhati
pune to delhi 25th march
tqqqqqqqq
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 698497, user_id: 1070879, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Hey I need tickets for Majnu
i want to see the list
Just a general enquiry no calls please could you tell me lowest price to fly bangkok from chennai this year
open bms 3.50 pm today
please koi sasti batana bhai
oka thank you, will let you know when i need to book
kfc nearby
"date: 06-03-2017	time: 12:45 pm	name of person: ps mahavir"
Hi can I get pizza menu
whole world cup t _numeral_ schedule
just before the match begins or may be _numeral_ min before _numeral_
fuck u
what was the result of _date_ s matches
who is the pune team owner
who are finalist in ipl
check in lakshme
mlb colony
y not valod
the petrol pump which is open
Is this a return fare??
what is number pakistan playing t _numeral_ match
help me with swiggy coupons
remindem me to study after half an hour
did he take that catch
do you have current discount coupon for ola or uber in ncr
when west indies start batting
suggest me nearby best hewellers
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 714439, user_id: 1981776, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
will tell you thodi der mein
who won the match punjab or pune and the scoreboard
want final match tickets
chandra
which teams are playing _date_ ipl
I would like to know if there are any special meals for this onam with home delivery?
8688878771 my contact number, can be in offline touch. . . bye
Please tell me the review of pink
wanted to know offers first
plz check other theatres
want 2 download logan movie
can you update me the full score board
give the players name with there runs
I want to book a taxi
Reminder to wish aditya thakur    birthday on 9th October
deals
at 11am
can you find me the nearest theatre?
the rates are too expensive
ever year they do n t want pak players to play bcci board hi aisa hai shay ad boom boom ki history bhool chute hai
ac is not working
hey u are a robot
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for everyday at 05:50 am { reminder_list: 684589, user_id: 1975086, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
thanx just saw the msg . neways we had booked ola .
live ipl score please
Any train from delhi to jalandhar tomorrow after 9
12823
plz check show time mall mbd sam movie
i'll book in 15 mins
i want to know near by axis bank atm
kaveri gramina bank mandya divisional manager number
which player is playing in rcb
not nw....
uh send me reminders wen i open the app
Please show me the PVR cinemas nearby
about mobile recharge
What happened to the reminder ?
Hi, can you go back to my history and send me the details of a Bangalore Mumbai return flight i head booked in June?
Mahindra car service centre in jehanabad bihar
can you tell me if there is a show at 2:30 in kavali?
please recorrect it
can u give me ?
it's saying invalid amount
I want to recharge my friends idea maharashtra number. Top up Rs250 through credit card
okay you guys are playing well
thank alot dear
send some pure veg buffet restaurants adress
could you please set an reminder
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 11:00 pm { reminder_list: 489054, user_id: 1914186, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Tell me the status of kerala express
Hi can you check me a flight from mumbai to vizag on 8 oct.
"		i would like to cancel my to-do: washing shirts for sun, 05 march at 10:00 pm { reminder_list: 713443, user_id: 1983914, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
ajj match ka time kya h
show me the power bank
hero ...
plzz
i want match tickets
wake me at 6:50 am today
i want tatkal tickets
Hi plz find me bus frm Delhi to jaipur right now it's urgent
25th march
pranay can u add a reminder for me
Plz checked seat in lichvi express from siwan to anand vihar
pleas locate places to visit in shimla near by my location
hey can you share the match schedules of ipl _numeral_ with me
what was the result of _date_ match
hey can you please stop reminding me about the water
wich team _date_ play
I need charges happens in UBER From Chandapura to Celebraty shrivaru doddathoguru
Any Sony service center near by me
bol to bol live commentary
result of last match
still not showing its recharged
can you give me the runs for every ball in each ovr
ha suno
leave leave
Near by bank Uco
i want to mrg with u
taxi required at chandigarh airport to ludhuana.  pl inform
thyronorm reminder s only needed n the morning  at 8 am
Nearest atm for
Can you book a taxi?
call? or text?
i am not able to delete saved card
Any discount coupons are there for flights?
6
I want to know the validity of 26rs data pack of bank sim
movie: oru mexican aparatha
Cancel my wake up call
thank you & good night
sorry i didn't noticed reminders
Is there any airtel to airtel offer going on??
_date_ s score board please
need a dinner menu for tonight in absolute barbecue tnagar
Tell me state bank of india atm near my location fast
Make for me on 3rd November to 5 return in mahableswar for 2adult and 3yrs child in mahableswar
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 04401{product_id:04401_anvt_jat,api_name:trains_api}"
Please remind me tomorrow at 07:30AM to take my camera to college for event coverage.
will chris gayle play next match or not
who is _date_ wicket
hey why don't you ... synchronized with my fb account for... the events ..n birthday day haa
can u book share cab
will it dispatch only 100s ?
_date_ s eng vs wi
no sir
set reminder for monday for going to rbl bank
no. pls reinstate. i don't want to cancel it.
Departure from Mumbai to Kerala Kochi on 28th Nov 2016 evening
ticket for ahmedabad to jaipur for 1st april
which team s matches _numeral_ day and which pitch
please reschedule it
"thanks!!!	never again shall i keep a remainder"
Please show me SBI bank
in smart app
reminder for buying candle and match box
book flight from delhi to chandigarh
want to know is this ride free for me
"		i would like to cancel my `wish happy birthday!` reminder for tue, 16 may at 06:00 am { reminder_list: 699109, user_id: 1972516, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want air bad for my friend he met an accident.
hey puneet
woke up late..
can you tell me the name of the players who are playing for india
reminder for feb 2017 mmr
tel me d organic shops
do you think india is going to win the semis d
i want to pay mobile is der any offer available
i love you
at 4.00 pm today
any cashback offers?
Guys please stop the water reminder!
Upcoming movies
more live updates
Can u add call n notification fr those remainders
i need a gym bro
wanna book a cab
tmrw at 5.50
arrival: 11:20 am (16 apr)
ignore
same to you.
any offer available
deepti
Nearby Honda service center
want to reacharge my phone
pune to kamathi expers
please cancel the water reminder
at 9 pm
Kindly remind to call MMC today at 11.30..am on my number 7666992101
ball to ball update
yes.. i need
plz ping me
wifi zone neatest
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 698620, user_id: 1845313, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
How can Recharge sun direct dth
no mam , i'm asking about plan details
bcoz the payment got failed ,the coupon got deactivated
plz remind me to call geetanshu for medicine at 10am today
the station in manvad
bhai usa ka visa chyie
i already have reminders
I want to go to udaipur please tell me.the trains.from gonda to udaipur
reservation status from jagadhari to bkn by train 24887 for16032017
also if possible, please ask airlines in worse case, by when they can allow me to board the flight?
Can u book me a cab?
y u r calling s
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 12616{product_id:12616_bpp_mas,api_name:trains_api}"
hi please tell score
Movies tockets
udipi vihar menu
yr btao paise kaise milenge is app se
Allahabad to new Delhi flight
please send the same
Hey would like to book tickets for hardwell Bangalore
hi i need flight from madurai to chennai
kkr vs rps scoresheet
i would like to give task name for that remainder not to cancel
thanks you so much
Night plans aircel or Airtel
its done thanks
Please mension remainder name    .
but train is not there
tell me schedule
to another number the reminder has to be sent possible?
its my pleasure
i need assistance with singapore visa
Volvo pls
please check the details and let me know
oh that's a good thing
Indigo flight Varanasi to Jammu
mere location ke pass me hotels chahiye
you are seems to be looking like a virtual assistant
i want to recharge my phone
can u check my electricity bill bses yamuna is paid or not
oh good work bro
any other cyber cafe near by
kya kr rhe ho
I wanna plan a trip to shirdi in a cab
validity has been up.. it's march 2nd
on march 30th
sorry bro is auto
please tell me _date_ s match schedule
as my body required
can you book one for me?
u have been doing great!!
need discount in hyd theater
Htc service centre in lucknow with contact details
😒 i hate you
Food delivery options in talegaon dabhade
3/5/2017
i got it!
which match is der _date_
tnjs
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 691417, user_id: 1561482, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Ask me to remind Pawan for cardholder and PO tomorrow at 11 am
airtel budget any good offee
2ac
will u  change water reminder
calling my wife
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 16353{product_id:16353_kcg_krnt,api_name:trains_api}"
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 06:30 am { reminder_list: 687150, user_id: 1978391, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 05:00 am { reminder_list: 691386, user_id: 1979234, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
coupon is not adding
14a is window seat or not
any service center for redmi mi
Bike servicing centres
please remind me to apply for sbi exam
may i speak with puneet
please schedule a call for 7th
can you share the score board of rcb in _date_ s match
seeing a lot of new faces here
am i getting 75 r/s discount
15 pert cash back
ask samiksha ji
window seat i want
is bet _numeral_ com legal in india for betting
reply me
Mark it as dm above remainder
no sorry
what date
means points
Dominos near to me
hey buddy whats the score now
Suggest me best 3 star hotel in shimla
"		i would like to cancel my reminder to 'aryan' for wed, 15 march at 03:00 pm { reminder_list: 694487, user_id: 1945991, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want ticket rates for tommorow show
i want to repair my coolar
Air fare manglore to kozhikode on sep-16
within 0.5 kms
In city center mall or inside Sahara mall ?
please give me a ipl match schedule
what about mumbai batting
"please show me one way flights from bangalore to surat 		onward date - 01 april"
do remind me
tomorrow morning at 11am i want to call from my number 9742746035 to book a train ticket
Any cng pump near by my location
Movies in nalgonda
still rcb is back
Hyderabad to dammam chiefs flights tickets how MUCH
who r u
now stop all my reminder
hi i want clear trip contact details can you help
ok remind me every day morning 10  am to evening 7 pm for every one hour.
Can I plz check the arrival time of train no.12561
what time is the ipl final _date_
i dont no train no
i am at matunga
remind me to buy medicines
i would like to cancel my reminder to 'eat eggs' for everyday at 09:00 pm { reminder_list: 672887, user_id: 1689770, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
Movies that will be running during october 6
Can you remind me every 45 min instead of every half an hour?
how far is mumbai from my current location
Do we have ticket for mumbai cst
i want a reminder of medicines
i want the buses from ernakulam to aathirapally
i want cab for queen land chennai
where is mohit
what is pnr
😜
"my pickup is- 		shastri park, metro vihar, shastri park, jagjit nagar, delhi, 110053, india"
can you check
Could you show me reminders
near chemist
Can you send the details of all trains from mumbai to kanpur, departing on 30th nov as well as on 1st dec 2016
how can i copy this coupon code
Sony service centre near vaishali ghaziabad
Give me a link to download nisekoi in english subtitles.
quick
ohk no problem
can you find axis bank atm
send aes list to divya
seems like kings _numeral_ wo n t win this tiney
please cancel all the alarms
patrol pump
Hw abt duronto?
19714 on 17th april from secundrabad to jaipur sleeper class
or
team names ipl
let me know the updates for every minute
dont book just guve information
s2  boggi
no point with coupon codewhn its not valid
but want to know is there any promocode
in any wallet?
can recharge hip?
near to my place
wt abt score
"		i would like to cancel my call reminder reminder for fri, 03 march at 09:02 am { reminder_list: 689829, user_id: 1879916, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
what hap the money
send me the team wise summary bro
I want to cancell my train booking can you help me for that??
Web check in pls
show timings in sangamner
plz tell me women parlor near me
call montu
is the payment done
Reserve a table at curry leaves
thank u..
raju seetha sreenivas pasham k.madhuri deepika bukya
can i send my in account
thanks but i already book uber now
when will d match start
Samarth. When you remind me to call someone be precise whom to call.
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 07:30 am { reminder_list: 701205, user_id: 1981166, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
today 4:30 am
Hey there, can you help with booking flight tickets? From mumbai to newyork departure 13-12 -2016 return from newyork to mumbai 6-1-2017
most run list in ipl _numeral_
i want to my all reminder close
i want tickets to bangalore
issue
thanks for reminding me things on time..
"departure city: mumbai	arrival city: jaipur	departure date: march 5, 2017	return date: march 9, 2017	number of adults: 1"
Hi i need accomodation for 70 people in Coimbatore from 25th jan to 29th jan
Check the live status of train number is 12555
good knight
immediately
but not for sleep time
whos batting is it
in kollam
referral money kya transaction karne par milega
sunday brunch
Activate dnd on my phone no
before half an hour
gambhir score
I want cake
Please check the table at gustoso
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 04:30 am { reminder_list: 725885, user_id: 1961439, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
call pd sir n mohan it
take care, happy evening..
no thankx
need to book one more ride.
I want one taxi tomorrow from chakan to sirdi
wen will it be refunded??
wake me up in one hour
i wanted to sit reminder for changing my idea mobile plan
In Hindi
Get me the list of all trains from jorhat to guwahati along with time and days on which they run.
Hi, Can you find me a gym nearby Sarojini nagar
Nearest  multiplex
I need HDFC Atm
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 04:10 am { reminder_list: 699818, user_id: 1257271, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
no can't cancel
u r a computer or an women
Can you tell me about Gujarat Mail availability for 11th October, second class sleeper?
rajkot bus stand contact
powder stocking conditioner insole at 12pm today
Can you help me with the closest State Bank of Travancore cash deposit machine
thaxx for ur valuable reply
Pls check the train status
{product_id:5013cb5a20edcd7ab8d329e16748ec65d0ba943da2b8a93a3ba2622e2e6d492b140a000a1a5583450f2d055a089db2b78cb5a6d57b6a6d42b165ee24391359e0, api_name:goibibo_api, type:onward_flight, others:onward flight - rs.3394 air india (ai-544) new delhi to vijayawada departure 0115 pm (08 apr) arrival 0440 pm (08 apr) }
goodnight, shilpa
price of the passes
world t _numeral_ is over bro still keeping this thing on app
Seats not alloted yet,sir?
no dude
sure..thanks and sorry for that weird question
could you stop and delete all the previous reminders i have set
"ground opposite to dg international school, parkwoods complex, behind dmart, ghodbunder road, thane west ”.		ø  8.15 am – pooja ceremony		ø  8.20 am – garland ceremony		ø  8.30 am – start tournament"
score of srh
i will check and get back
restaurants in madhapur
near kalbhadevi
ohh shit kkr loose
OK will u remind me everyday
can you mail me the invoice
remind me for dress alteration for the evening
hey mohit
Which is the cheap & best 3g post paid for net
pandanallur
restaurants nearby
I don't get any reminder today
i will miss ipl so much
show my reminders
thakur village branch
oh thn fr alarm also we need to
hitachi ac customer service no.
jaldi crorepati kaisa banna
postpaid vodafone bill
any offers on cab booking?
"नहीं सुक्रिया	शुभ रात्री"
Green coffeee
give me score update of live match every _numeral_ minutes
can you help ?
thanks wasim bhai
can i know where is it
i want to get tropicana juice delivered to my address. m not looking for nearby restaurants
pnr.8754010242
i want chandigarh airport route map
Can you tell me where did the train coming form Ahmedabad to anklewar has reaschr
orange cap holder name
i don't have alternate email id and phone no.
reminder to pay vodafone bill
icecream
Can u help me arrange a cab drop service in Goa-Calangute to Nerul for today @ 13:30 Hrs.
dude
i want from monday to friday
hey sorry to interrupt
give me the updates after every over
i want to book with ola
Price of pizza
12205-sanghmitra exp
Plz find some good restaurant
ok thks
is there any offer on prepaid recharge
add telugu movies
Please put a reminder for 12PM on september 22, 2016 and give me a call to wake up.
hi, i'm interested in watching the ghazi attack. {movie_name:the ghazi attack}{task}
no its okay
payment through haptick?
hi remind me after every 1 hour
no need to search more it s sarfaraz khan
wants to cancel my all reminder
thanks..  will book later
i need hdfc bank atm
will rcb win this year
can you suggest me apple official service centre in thane, mumbai
every one hour plz remind me for a water
send me location
camando2
I want to invest in mutual funds via sip route. Plz help to find me the best long performing fund with super CAGR
budget is below 200rs
who got man of the match _date_
is there any recharge offer
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 499533, user_id: 1912354, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for every week (mon - fri) at 09:50 pm { reminder_list: 588663, user_id: 1945615, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Find 3rd AC train ticket to Bhopal 25
just send me the nearest room..
econammy
btw i got quotes from trainers earlier but none satisfying
no the semi final match
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 07:05 am { reminder_list: 726822, user_id: 1986746, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
nothing
which movie is playing in prasad large screen
but you don't have offers
I want plumber
who can score more runs in _date_ s match
Tickets for Chandigarh  on 23
i need update for the ipl
hi can u find power yoga classes near ramesh nagar
my cab is booked?
khushboo maine make my trip we flight ki ticket booking ki hai
Bring some new features integrated with iOS 10
Please remind me.
book my cab
review on good lands restaurant and bar in tarnaka
thank you so much for updates
remind me focus one day has to convert into two days
tell me who the stats of hyderabad sunrisers in todays final
i can't send as i don't have any id proof of my sister neha agarwal
I need a person who can repair chair wheels
goa to delhi
who is vipul
My nearest Panjab national bank branch
What's 3A ?? I mean iz it a sleeper class??
kudchi
Birthday
can i get cab from dehli.. to bihar
Is there seat availability in 12007 or 22625 train
Kerbstone do they have hookah parlour?
Mutton roll
where is stationary shop
hi aunty
"date: march 3, 2017	time: 5 25 am"
hey shreya i want a massage at home by a female. can you search
will see...
shilpa apne toh koi msg kia hi nhi
Sorry that was a mistake. Please dismiss that reminder.
My ticket
i have one pocket card and sbi dabit card
can i get a scooty on rent somewhere in gurgaon?
cn i find some service apt. around malad west. ?
lowest fare
Please check a flight in lowest fare
Train ticket can be booked here??
ya i ll pls give me the location
Can I get train for mysore from their
Seat no
Car rentals/ tour and travel operators in Kota for local site seeing
i want to cancel the ticket..
Can u tell me the flight of Delhi
baroda
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 691551, user_id: 1969387, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
no thank you this much is good enough
are u robo
Can you assure confirm tatkal railway ticket
i just want to know is there any samsung showroom near by
telugu movies
could you please remind my friend
will there be a call to remind?
hi, i have a meeting coming up, can you remind me?{task}
cancel it pls
near by me ?
i m looking for cafe's nearby
I wanted to book a taxi
koi atm check krna jra mere location me
best deals=60 pe 78. nml-60=xtra rs18 tt (48 hrs)   rs60 tt (now). spl-4=all t2t@10p/m & all t2o@25p/m, 28d (48 hr)   25 nat sms, 7d (now). rchrg today
nearest bridge
Can you book me a cab for kalaghoda, Fort?
is any atm near by
Best non veg dhaba's in Amritsar
_date_ s match point table
wheather mi wins or rcb your opinion
can you help me with this
remind me after 30mins
any offer on dth recharge
500100
Hey I want to order taco bell for home delivery
hey there what s the current score
200pm
can you send me the link from where you get the news
i am a student and i want to set reminders for my tuition classes
which railway station near by to itpl whitefield
is this system generated msgs or someone's sending them
bhai ghazi attack ka time sahi nahi hai
in dombivli
siemens
hi any body is here
keshod to somnath
n show me there teams
near m hero ka showroom batao
torent power co. surat
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for fri, 03 march at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 691237-691238-691239-691240-691241-691242-691243-691244-691245-691246-691247-691248-691249-691250-691251-691252-691253, user_id: 1634130, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
sent me the story abt ip final play of warner
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 689173, user_id: 1978663, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
taxi to airport
my to do lisr
I wanted to know the cheapest fares possible with 3 nights gap on return
i just wanted to thank tanushree
how many cab rides have i taken with haptik yet
How much would it cost to cancel a flight ticket?
"hi vipul	plz do correct my 1st reminder"
what else can you do?
lake mall did you the this place
need d time table
will you people please stop sending such waste notifications to me? it is really annoying
oo
please find near by pizza hut
where is protein supplemnt shop near by
goodbye and take care! :)
wont you ask what is the reminder for?
Pink movie is running on which theatres near me
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 07:00 am { reminder_list: 698277, user_id: 1980054, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
chandtapur to bhopal
not that
KFC near by me
wht about the gl and rcb match
aura near by
hyd
Hi pls look for flights from lucknow to new Delhi on 3rd October 2016 at night. Which would bring me to Delhi by 11pm or so
I have a reliance Jio phone
payment method i want paytm.
one moree call reminder
i want to know about hotels in vashi area navi mumbai
shahabad markanda huda house no. 397
nearby restaurants
ok..thanks dear bye see you soon
any offer on postpaid bill
ohl
pakistan vs india
Sabari express
Heyy. Will u please find me a train from Sevagram to Warora, for today?
sir mujhe reminder cancel karwana hai
nakshatra
dont mistake me. are you a human?
which team is gng to win _date_
great inning
n who won the match
Icici bank in Dindigul
how do i know that if really a human
pnr:8656558893,train:22474,doj:27-06-17,2a,adi-ju,dep:22:30,
do you have any promo code for freecharge or paytm on vodafone postpaid bill
What about train timming
guardians is watchable movie
any malls near marina beach
Train reservetion nagpur to ajmeer
how mach collection in hebbuli in first week
"		i would like to cancel my `wish mounika happy birthday!` reminder for sun, 20 august at 12:00 am { reminder_list: 667515, user_id: 1971980, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
thank u 👍
what is now ipl score
about world cup
in ggn
hi! need to set a reminder.
can i differentiate ola and uber cab
Looking for Spa nearby
phoenix parel
both were closes
sri lanka in trouble
Reminde me to were my watch tomorrow at 8 am
Can I book the tickets for Sunday??
can you send me live score _numeral_ min to _numeral_ min
why no offer there for recharge buddy
Hy please add a reminder this Thursday 5 o'clock abhishek birthday tomorrow
no first tell about offer
how can i get tickets of semifinal
for new users
i want train from haridwar to new delhi any date
is india playing any match _date_
get me the theatre list which the movie mexican aparatha plays in eranakulam district of kerala
the score is _numeral_ - _numeral_
i want bus ticket
special recharge
which is the best and cheapest cab from airport to bangalore city?
so what s up did you enjoyed it
Plz I need info of flights departed from nagpur on Friday 3 sept between 12 pm to 5 pm
Lenovo service centre
weting abhi kitna he
Book a railway ticket for me please. Show all available trains on 8th after 2 pm. Regardless of the class.
i am asking about bus service
i want pay hescom bill
Dodmane huduga tickets
how can u assist me vanisha
this flight taking too much travel time
its 12 am
_date_ s teams
slepper
please update me on the live match score once the match starts
Get me pizza
thank you so much for waking me up
in 9720
karve nagar
there is no outstanding.
what was the score _date_
how much is the faire for delhi can i get
please help me for above thing
i need it for monday,tuesday,wednesday,friday & saturday.
no thank you!
who finally win d match
Lpg gas station
i am in the middle east and working day has already started
i want to knpw ride estimate
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 687158, user_id: 1603493, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can you please stop all the old reminders
nopr
kindly send me match update every _numeral_ mins for the current match
i have given all the details yesterday
2 tickets
will there be same services available for ipl like you guys served in t _numeral_ cup
i don't need ticket booking
Snacks
Set another meeting reminder
hi i want to invest in share market
show more deals
Authentic south Indian restaurant s in Mumbai
or bhai kya halchal
book my ticket _numeral_ march ind vs australia
thank you ankita 😃
i want to know total run scored by shikhar dhawan in this ipl
Musaibmaniyar. I need a couple to stay and work at my farm. The guy should know English to read and write. The lady needs to clean the farm house. We have one couple here. We need one more. My office is also here so we need the guy to help me with filling and calls
Looking for a place to have beer kaloor
shirdi
in which balls left
send me score updates every over
who wo _date_ s match
Remove the reminder
when is next match of bangalore
any way to get free ticket for match in chinnaswamy stadium
my
good bye? y
can you send me score updates of _date_ s match
Set a reminder to call Richa Thakur for rakesh
no its a women s cricket t _numeral_ also ind vs pak
I want aloo Paratha from cafe delite Goregaon
Data balance?
3rd june
fair confermation
set my start time 12pm to 8.30pm
No hdfc
who win gl or kings punjab
3/11/2017
please give me score update in every match
okay dear
will i able to recharge jio prepaid number?
thank you nand who was the man of match
can i get flight timings for bangalore to delhi
new delhi to mumbai
Best restaurants near me
make it 10 am to 11 pm
will u suggest me that how to pay it
find shoe shops near by
Cheap and Best resort or hotel in rajgir
I want available seats
And flight
haa sir jaroor
sorry my pickup location is mg riad
mumbai yes virat
who scored most runs in ipl history
how to book ipl tickets in vizag
ahmdabad station
ok ramnagara to mysore how much cash
restaurant in aminabad
will i get rs. 75 cash back if i go for ubergo?
mujhe sector 21 gandhinagar jana hai
Location of dell service center  near behala kolkata
thx, this is too awesome
task: drop anu to school
cash back not received for today uber cab
tanu please cancle my all reminders
from patna to ahamadabad
please give only notification don't call
no keep this reminder as well one more reminder i need
Find me a package croong
plan
n also i need tom the playin squad of the two matches
Can you check terminal for above flight pls
I don't want any more reminders
cvv no.
"departure city: hyderabad	arrival city: kolkata	departure date: may 1, 2017	number of adults: 1"
both the numbers u gave in not available
wts score
"hello	can you please help me in finding any zumba or dance class near my location"
is there any offer on movie booking
receipt of my bill payment?
him
for wall painting at home
_date_ point tabel
set another one after 15 min of that
data
how many reminders i can have?
Where is the nearest allahabad bank atm
Looking for reliance jio gigafiber
cn i get kfc bucket at my address
could you please remove the present water and medicine reminder i have and put up new ones
sure my due date is 9th march
pls set up a wake up call at morning 7:45 today
The pizza was disappointing but the pasta was okay.Delivery time was almost an an hour and a half.
i have to catch a my flight
best batsman schor cord
i want to stay in good hotel in delhi with cheap price..21 may to 24 may
"code is expired 	can you arrange new promocode for me"
Need to go Virandavan tomorrow
thank you for all the update during t _numeral_ wc
can i use my previous cash back to pay my bill
i think. shd hav it
after 35 min
isnt my transaction succesful
i want to know the fare estimate
any offer regarding dth
i wanted to pay for cesc..however i don't find the option in the drop down
yes bt is the final match held in kolkata
hi i need food today
i would like to cancel my call punkaj sir reminder for sat, 04 march at 05:55 am { reminder_list: 700690, user_id: 1932524, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
yesh
"stop reminding me	now"
10/7/2017
till when is the cash back earned valid?
i want to book flight tickets
sr nagar
i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 08:00 pm { reminder_list: 709577, user_id: 1983004, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
i am alreadt at my destination.
Web check-in please
Laptop repair service centre
nearby any open non veg resturant
i didn't get a call.
need to know special plans operational on my number
way
motorola mobile service centre hubli
what about ab de villiers
go air airport konsa hai
"please show me one way flights from mumbai to kolkata 		onward date - 22 april"
kabale moves
why my match remiders r not coming
ma'am (output ) ko hindi me kya bolte hai
discount rey
hi, i'm interested in watching wajah tum ho. {movie_name:wajah tum ho}{task}
but all these options are given through zomato how should i redeem your coupon
8155404579
❤
thankz
weekend getaways from delhi for this weekend
i'll come to you if assistance i require
Can you find the ticket for tonight same
hi puneet nbatting score card please
any another option
scorecard for rcb vs gl please
thank you sneha.. :-)
i want to know availability and fare in second sitting (2s) in train number 13161{product_id:13161_bwn_nfk,api_name:trains_api}
who is the prime minister of india?
how can i change my atatced uber account
i can't go far. i want near tarnaka
I want to book a cab
"it's time to strike one more thing from your to-do list, sonal! let's do it!		task - take camera to office"
hi, i want to book a flight ticket{banner}
shimoggga
can i book it for later date??
in your wallet using
3 hours
required duronto express schedule
super
give me full scorecard please
Can u find any websites or restaurants who deliver food and groceries via online orders .
hi,
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for thu, 02 march at 05:00 pm { reminder_list: 675929, user_id: 1932691, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Want to know the price of flight from Ahmedabad to London heathrow which reaches London at 1.15 p.m. at London
england vs srilanka
when will it reach at jind
Paytm bsnl cashback
shit npunjab again looses
Remind me to pay Citibank bill on October 3 at 1100 hrs
ratika bcs12 comfirmation  monday 6-3-2017
shreya
"can you wake up me at 3:30 pm 	3rd march"
ok ty archana
I want to watch some old action movie
how does the table look like
where is the headquarter of haptic is in india or not
2nd march 11408  .. tell me the status
i got a message and i guess it is related to the ticked that i book from you
train no. 14115
received thanks
let me try
up coming movies
Pls deactivate this reminder
and lic office branch  near kekan gas
i want near patrol pumps
any offers on postpaid bill
need reminder by tomorrow for calling for leakages issue
can u check my status
12926
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for fri, 03 march at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 693585-693586, user_id: 1651348, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
whts ur name....?
hjj
please send a photo
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 12955{product_id:12955_bct_jp,api_name:trains_api}"
Remind me on 3rd November 2016 that Mom has to talk to Rohit Sonthalia for mediclaim at 8 am
i want to know availability and fare in ac 3 tier (3a) in train number 12673{product_id:12673_mas_cbe,api_name:trains_api}
I have a trip to Coimbatore , hyderabad banglore and chennai , couldn't plan where to go first. That a business trip and I have luggage with no so can't take flight due to excess baggae
pranay any offers on bookings..?
Can u book a cab ?
remind bae to gimme my print outs
hay good morning
any horror
do you have information about chennai metro?
from nizamuddin to ap bhavan cab
i am looking for axis bank branch near me
todayy
can i know when are our semifinals
Hi can u call me at 4.45 am for a wake up call
tommorows match tell me the shedule
that's all!
need some clarification on sports events booking ???
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 693516, user_id: 1895712, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
chikmagalur, karnataka
Hey haptik set a reminder for me to submit some money in canara bank for my Emi
hello...
hi deepti
hi ... idfc bank near by
hi i have booked train
thanks for ur time
salem
want book movies tckt
i have utilised that offer
his bowling action is banned
plz check pnr status
dosa
9/23/2017
from madurai to kannikumari
reminder of bday
Want to book tickets for chandigarh and dehradun for the month of jan between 22-26. Can u update me as the fare gets low or kind of sales when airlines offer. We have enough time though.
show my schedule
When is dhoni movie releasing
at 3,3:30 and 4pm
umm..no thank u☺
??????
any offers/coupons on paying phone bills?
score kya hua match chal rahi hai kya and points table kya hai
its been 20 min now
Can u stop sending msg regarding restaurant/biriyani
can you give me score updates
12pm and 3.30 pm
you are too late for reminding me
cancel the second alarm
but cannot do it
belgaum to goa and back which buses are available
send an email to mr. amit sharma at 2 pm today
abhi naie meenakshi ji aapka duty complete bad mein call kejiye
so gyle and virat score
on 1st week of may
Dominos pizA
Fresh menu code please
Bus on 20th October
Hey pls send me train name from ludhiana to amristar at 3.50 am
we don't have idea of restaurant here
wts d score now
sunrises score chepara ninati match
wat is this
nathi thatu
koi aisa apps batawo jispe cash back milega
how's the critical response for the movie?
delivery
nowadays i am busy
so may be i would search some where else for better deal
_date_ s team
thanks reshma
12/30/1899
multiple account means??
no..i don't need cab at this time
send me the line up of rcb
full form of dls method
i m late
tell me the sxore
thnks tanushree
behala
Thank you.. My. Friend. Has. To. Leave for. Airport at 5:30, please wake me up
Food near gangwal bus stand, indore
Singapore package
his timming will be 3pm to 11pm
Peppy paneer Italian crust
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 707693, user_id: 1982492, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Nearest st bus stand
cn you tell me tmrows fixture
hiii..
tell me anyone good hindi movie
rcb is whos team the owners name
hey could u tell me something about movies this week
give me th ipl ticket
good evenibg siddarth
please wake me up at 4 am
8:00 clock means in the morning
score of hydrabad
what about mob20?
u know i work with uk process in mumbai.. but we say that we r uk citizen.. even though we not seen uk flight.. so i don't want this type of mis leading..
can you remind me to call k multiple times in a day ?
match startedn
ok please book a cab for me
y r u nt showing the fares of spice jet like other airline's
are you an artificial intelligence?
ojk
window side
do you have any discount coupon ?
is there theatre near madiwala
fare amount for 4 tickets
validity?
but now i m watching it live
remuneration for justin bieber in india
what's the cost?
Remind me about doing my sociology project tomorrow
is there any offer on recharge ???
badlapur rainy resort map root
very funny
Can you show me cheapest flights to Hyderabad on December 28
all
yesterday i booked tics for lion
i already mentioned
are you a artificial intelligence
thanks. same to you
thank you so much for remind me
avoid night hours please ! ( 10pm to 8 am )
who will win _date_
k i will wait
please set a reminder on every 20 to 25
thank you it was great match
on login my uber app is opening
ந
Whats the cost of ticket
check hotel in pune arae
will let u know if any
yes ankita
trains from jagiroad to guwahati on today
_date_ ipl match between which team
no offer in booking from your app!
which player have the most run in this ipl season
Could you find me buses from Chengannur to angamali
Inq for suite room for groom
thank u hasan!
ch sweet corn soup n chicken momo 1 plate from swad restaurant mancktalla for home delivery.  how much?
not good deals
Bhopal se patna 26 oct ko train me boon kijiye 3 ac me
what do you rcb can qualify
Cancel reminder
farther when i book train ticket then can i pay by wallet as well as dr. card
nope anything will suffice
hi can uh text me the schedule of rcb
Hi. Please make a reservation at In the Punjab GK n block market for today 8 pm for 5 persons
i want you to remind me everyday and not just today
thnx ishi
Schedule a reminder
are there any cab offers in haptik ?
may i knw the score
01.03.2017
thanks for all the reminders
Ps4 store near me
I neead cold coffee and ice cream box from baskin robbin
same only na no changes
meri location kha par bata raha hai
Tomorrow show timing in pvr nd mittal mall panipat
Remind me at 2:30 about going ice cream factory
n what abt goa to bmby on 3rd june
webcheckin
Hi. I have still not received any confirmation mail regarding table reservation in blue terrain restaurant novotel.
movies in faridabad
sorry i looking for some fitness best gym
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 725815, user_id: 1934448, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
set reminder for daily
i am in karnataka
any offer on prepaid recharge
Any offers do I get to pay my airtel postpaid bill
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 08:00 am { reminder_list: 303926, user_id: 1735560, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
do you provide ball by ball update
which is the best team
hey wasim
nope!
whts the cost of ticket b lower
same to you nalini
sorry i couldn't attend ur cl...
good food trucks in pune
can you check the show time
what are the other movie options?
it would be a huge help if you find me kkr s schedule for this years ipl
Flight to aurabgs
Reliance jio
shirdi to manmad bus
plzzz help me
I want to go agarha
please give me a schedule of team delhi daredevils
choolaimedu to dashamakhan distance
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 09:50 am { reminder_list: 700968, user_id: 1572853, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
hello i would like to book a hotel nearby hakimpet secunderabad
can you share some memories of ipl _numeral_
i paid my mobile bill
i want to courier a cooler to jaipur from delhi
hospital s
oh raina is gone
Remind me to go for vaccination for tiger at 8.30 am on Saturday 1st october
yuvaraj singh playing in which team vivo lpl
get me theater list of oru mexican aparatha at coimbatore region?
Now I want to eat butter chicken
I set this up yesterday as well
i need the details of five star chicken centre which is near ramaiya bus stop
no not at some other time
pls let me know the status
25 March flight jabalpur  to Mumbai cheapest fare
At vijawara and my order veg thali @1493
can u give me some names of electricians from bhandup
{product_id:164ab8563099f0e3d7d8f5d930e1575a1562eccdc0fb4734163d1175079ac7367ff7c2f64c19c7b202d4fb5d33e08455ba10ded7b1b2522845d2db0ce8a0e03a, api_name:goibibo_api, type:onward_flight, others:onward flight - rs.2023 indigo (6e-482) bangalore to mumbai departure 0605 am (23 mar) arrival 0745 am (23 mar) }
ipl mei mohali and dharamshala veneu pe hone vale match ki list dena
when is the next qualifier
when is indias next match
hi team i have booked a web check in with u
what's the tickets price
chowmin
no find pg , rooms in  triveni nagar
pls set previous remember
pls remove all the wake up calls
n which cab provide better price for airport drop ??
is there any offers on logan for tonight show
not around me
thanq sakshi :-)
How much is the rate for 3 tyre ac train to goa from mumbai
From today Daily
Remind me to leave at
My iphone 6s display had broken... Need some help to repair
rnc gareebrath
why is there always n error in bill payment
hi, i'm interested in watching rogue one: a star wars story.{task}
i don't want sorry... this time is not perfect
may i know you people are there only to book tickets or u suggest some ideas also
Hey. Please cancel reminder
thankuuuu can u plz remind this 2day by 4
Hloo I don't have an irctc account can you book me my train ticket
I want ola cab coupon
Please cancel my train booking
dwarka{task}
sorry riddhi i'll do that myself now.
okay im not interested thank you
final starting time
need  train tickets
Can you tell me trains from Delhi to sonepat
what time is _date_ s final ipl starting
no change it
any other train on that date
need cab
the ghazi atack
can u book dinner delivery at jaipur
is there any cash back offer if pay pay vodafone bill.
wow kkr is at first position
kk by by t c
10.30 for studt
can u tell me where the nearest photo studio is
hi puneet
Can i get availability 3rd ac, dt.7.11.16, from Kollam to raipur
who won todays ipl match
i want to reserve table.
that was helpful
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for everyday at 10:00 pm { reminder_list: 728040, user_id: 1871155, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want to meet someone on sunday morning, please give me a wake up call 📲 by 9am in the 🌅 , is that possible
Nearby Samsung Mobile service center
sry by mistake reminder cancel please recreate
Buffet lunch hotels in omr Chennai
price for ahmedabad to abu road
anyone is there
thanks suraj
please tell score
between rcb and kings _numeral_ punjab
who will win the ipl
ht
making cash payment... thanks
train250 code still applicable
i wil confirm later
please set one event reminder for me
BEST bus concession criteria
i asked you to get me more show times for logan ,english version
biryani.
"thanks	riddhi , you are absulately correct	i am a long distance traveler, & two or three cross country tour in year	 it was a test case	i had stayed in that room  dec. 27th	there is only problem is car parking	lastly i can say you pass with full marks	definitely i will touch 	regards	anupam"
camera store
is the match fixed
false information
that waiting list not confirm
cst mumbai
Which restaurant is better for couple
I want Karnataka bank atm
can u provide me with the link
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 08:00 am { reminder_list: 215075, user_id: 1575644, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
in patna
okhh
i want with confirm
I want to know about maxima authorised service centre in new delhi
Want to book one more flight
could you please help me plan my best journey
if the match started message me okay
only
mumbai to varanasi
nahi abhi tak nahi
who wins the last match
i don't listening any ring tone do u off it please on the ring tone
it is not d current points table
simply veg regular pizza 99 rupees
_date_ ka match kiska kiska hai
No more reminder please
ystrdy who won d match
i want to book bus tickets to mumbai
about seats available
gd mng
amy time would do
yeah you too !! take care ankita bye !
i will get 75 cashback right
Best restaurants
Are you booking the tkt
whole flight
Sent me  all bus station location in bangalore
just drop a notification, not via call
brother kakkar medical hall phase 2 dugri ludhiana
india vs newzealand scores
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 04:30 am { reminder_list: 700828, user_id: 1972917, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Is there any show available at 10 a.m. in pvr centra mall chandigarh for any movie??
yeah he has arrived already thanks for the help 😊
show my last booking
need a confirmed ticket
delhi to jammu
can you please tell me who won
uttam nagar jain colony part 1gch
no important task sorry
10.00 am for coaching
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 12:25 pm { reminder_list: 689269, user_id: 1518268, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want lower bert
yes after every over please
why bravo is not playing
please show me full score
train from tirur to goa ....
I want to book ticket of gitanjali express for 3 passenger from shegao to Nagpur of AC3 on 27th of September so plz send me the total fair
I want to reach mandya today
at lowest price
when is gujarat playing next
thanks for now
i'm in train
can you help with the internet balance
Best offers on movie tickets
i need all cricketers name in indian cricket team
matthan
no thanks a ton
Today's12:15 one way ticket movie in rahul shiwaji nagar send available seat view
i mean _date_ semi final match
hi best app now
show me the point tables
wasim
at what time does ypr karwar express reach barkur???
i want to know that is there any luxory type bus available in dhanbad to ramgarh
belgaum chennai
what is my refferal code
any offer for 2 tickets ?
thnk you
ok will do later
andheri west
just book the cab from laxmi nagar to karol bagh for tonight
i want a reminder  only for tomorrow . but their are some different words to b said
r u a robot?
in kakinada
plz let me know the status of 6360471822 pnr
both rajdhani
hi i want name board for flat owners for my apartment
not got my cashback
any solution?
no i dnt want to cancl
luv shv pyar vyar
what time is final ipl toady
make me a call after 1 min
Remind me to take altrations on 9:58
not good batting
i want to go basvangudi police station
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 727183, user_id: 1986660, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
hai wasim
confirmed
movie theatre near me
what about rohit n gambhir
i want every minute score
hi nwho won the match _date_
bus tickets
hey.
any offer for dth recharge?
Hi there need reminders for tasks
victoria
lithium to tirupati 11 march
Switzerland
I want to go bayana Junction from kota
Hey, I want to book train tickets.Hi
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 06:00 am { reminder_list: 713633, user_id: 1697875, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can i get the tickets for final
kttaram 23 movei
magazine shop
hey find out what all music stores are in velachery
what is available
who is the present oraange cap holder an who are in list
wht u doing ?
y m nt able to recharge
can you give me individual scores
hi wake me up at 6.30 tomm
but scorecard looks horrible
ok.. atleast i should have been kept informed..
summary of upcoming matches
Best veg restaurant in Krishna Nagar ahmedabad
bengaluru team players
wake me up by 4.35am n 4.45am 4.50 am  today
i want the most runs of batsman in ipl _numeral_
will u not book ola autos ?
will cab have a music system?
no i dont have any more for today
yups
i was have coupon
yes quick update my score
yu mean ipl cup win the team srh
call me everyday
ride complet
any way to cancel booked tickets
it let u know before i leave my place
bank of india
any promo for bill pay
do u have some offers for me
don't want
hain*
stet bank
hospital hill view
when will the rechrg get completed
are you real human ?
ipl _numeral_
badrinath
i will inform you later
i checked
Hotels for boarding in kalyan and nearby area below RS 1500 in October
NewDelhito abroad train details
no that's it thanks
but isme fayeda kya h
i want to know the best post paid plan of vodafon
no sneha
i just wanted to know the fares
pls provide the same
i need to order food for my friend
hydrabad vs punjab
yah shreya
but the number that i used to create my account is no longer in use
return
set up alarm to call vineet at 11:30 today
sry one hr
kindly give details of buses from travancore gate kochi to airport
when is malinga back in mi squad
what else can you assist me
hey manish i have a flight on the 7th with air asia. i fell sick and want to cancel the ticket. is there any medical concession on cancellation on medical terms. could i postpone the flight without having to pay later. something you could help me out with ?
this offer is still there?
sir merko kal rewari se ringus ke liye train pata karna hai
hey score antha
i m sure the coupon code was applied
do you have any tickets for noon show
Can I know buses from marathalli spice garden to Shivaji nagar mrng @8
ahmedabad  station
who made u
remind me to check crown it on friday at 3.45pm
i have logged in
Dominos coupons applicable today
i want coupan for swiggy
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for mon, 06 march at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 724363-724364-724365-724366-724367-724368-724369-724370-724371-724372-724373-724374-724375-724376-724377-724378-724379-724380-724381-724382-724383, user_id: 1986294, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
This flight was not showing in flights
Could you help me find the nearest guitar centre?
any other service provider?
Saphire Honda service centre near by?
Can u say me live status of train
to wake up and leave for airport
i think india will win
Any body massage centre nearby for tomorrow appointment
i have dropped the plan
for every problem u make chat rooms
pottaa
did not even get a call
dont book through cash payment method select ola money
yeah i am having visa card
sasi card payment
can u help me out for this and make some nice arrangement for that..
i need cab now
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 07:40 am { reminder_list: 686928, user_id: 1976372, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
hi meena
no no
by car only
can u give me cheapest air fair from mumbai to delhi anytime between 20th april to 30th april n one return ticket from delhi to mumbai
I want to know nearby nonveg restaurant
nearest icici atm
trichy woraiyur
Please give me best ticket from Delhi to Mumbai for the coming Sunday
thankss
unable to choose location
what about mumbai vs pune
very nice and excellent app
Can you please find out what is the self recharge code for T24 monthly SMS pack
next
i want cancel reminder set at 8.:06 pm on 5 march
cash back offer for electricity bill pay
i want cnfrm ticket
thank you a lot vikas for updating scores
around 9 am
how many runs did dj bravo score
hope you have provided
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for everyday at 06:00 pm { reminder_list: 637546, user_id: 1957819, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Kannada
sorry sure
please
Distance from karnal to jalandhar by car
is it for international also
whats the current score akash
know thanks
26a for ranvir
hi i need a boarding pass
I want get xbox repaired
price details
i need plane tickets feom hyderabad to mumbai either next week friday night or saturday morning
dth bill
Set a wake up call
Reminder to call Suresh Mali for payment
I want tickets for irumugan
Dominoz pizza near me
hiiio
i want to add wallet money first
would it be applicable to me?
Am I book hotel with local girl
thank yiun
i m from kolkata
can you tell me the fare plz
give me the menu
can you
Remind me for do home work
do not give cricket updates
wake me up by
shutup fuck your mom
i want the location of the one near me
Can you please tell me if there is a flight arrival on 1st October from shillong to kolkata
i need rooms in tirumala
Lebanese home made food
i want to book hard rock hotel goa bardez
what s the opponent s score
garib train
konkan apartment koparkhairane
please provide me scoretable
any date in march
how can i book tickets for the ipl match on _numeral_ may
not require now when require i will be in touch with you
where r u mam?
i want to know availability and fare in ac 3 tier (3a) in train number 22952{product_id:22952_siob_bvi,api_name:trains_api}
when i will get receipt for electricity bill payment
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 03:00 pm { reminder_list: 538664, user_id: 1902896, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want to book a ride
from borivali to viman nagar
stop alarm
please provide new link
Cancel my flight ticket
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 05:25 pm { reminder_list: 722052, user_id: 1985610, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i haven't  got  any  emails
who are u?
suggest some dishes at rhubarb aundh
"the current status of your booking in c g  smprk krnt (12823) from bilaspur jn (bsp) to h nizamuddin departure date: 04th march 2017	departure time: 02:50 pm"
building no s 11 flat no 1 lic colony near shanti ashram borivali west
hey can you share schedules of matches ahead in ipl
new any
wednesday morning for id collection
let me know wen u have any offers
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 06:00 am { reminder_list: 683082, user_id: 1977223, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
but don't call
Nearest axis bank
who is playing best
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sat, 04 march at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 705480-705481-705482, user_id: 1981887, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
highest runers in ipl
give me constant updates for _date_ s world cup match
no thats it
good i am also interested in ipl talking bt aap logo lo perfect knowledge hi jai h
the price shown above is inclusive of dinner or what?
hey which team you r supporting
pse give present pnr number status
આભાર
is there any copoun available?
can u do table reservation for restaurant?
guys any offers..?
Can you find me the nearest sbi bank
tarak mehta ki death ho gyi kya
Hi can you figure out costs etc for Goa. Holiday package. 22-24th October. Five star hotel. 2-3rooms
Which theatre and which show
good  restaurant for lunch for anniversary
tommaro mumbai to patna tickit rates
can you tell me about the chance of kkr to play playoffs matches
kaso ho
i mean both of weekends and week days
cst to kqr
surw
Msd tickets
please book now
do you know about jio prime?
preferably 3rd ac if not sleeper is also fine
got work to do
whts d price for same flight on 22 march
10/20/2017
Please remind me in 30 minutes to take medicine on the way from shop
remind me today at 11:08 to go to football ground
which is the most expensive restaurant in my city ?
daily morning 5
find a bank of baroda
Hi cn u plz activate DND on my no.
evening!
where in mumbai
can dd win this match
with team list
may i know airtel gallery in mumbra east
Nearest SSC coaching center
is ticket available for india pak match in kolkata
i wanna end this reminder
remind me on 10th march at 10:15 am for vehicle log entry
hey can u tel me i have to spend 30 min waiting near versova metro station what can i do near by dis area
i have a small doubt
can u pls check one more time pnr status
Tell me the ticket of romoji film city
what the scote
i just want to check fair
is thr any ipl match in bnglr
Can u please tell me SMS pack for bsnl mp
Kewal 1 hi railway station h kya goa me
neer by tasmac
n prasanna kumar
new one
dijd
Reminder call at 8.40 am today
can you tell me if there is a show at 2:30 in kavali?
around 30000 rupees
and day???
i want to change the time
allahabad
how many i have made
yes cancel my ticket
Nearest recharging shop
tdy alone
Any new tamil movie
i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 01:15 am { reminder_list: 728445, user_id: 1987030, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
pnr:6664788582,train:12423,doj:02-03-17,2a,ppta-ndls,dep:21:50,
Swabhumi inox ka 12. 6 ka seat arrengmnt dkhayie to
nirbhay singh patel memoriyal hospital kha h.?
remind me to call pritam at 1pm
cancel my all reminder and any other call
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 693639, user_id: 1979977, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want remindee
Hi i need food now home delivery
again u want this
Yep me the review
No free seats in aisle or middle
i want remind call 06 time
do u book concert tickets
actually i wanted to deposit
yes okk
12/30/1899
_date_ ka match kaun jitega
is it opened ?
how much water a person should drink daily
i want tickets
nearby atm
i need buy1 get 1
ok i will try
can i talk in hindi
any update on the cashback
Good area near fort area
send me net run rate comparison of teams in our group
thnx wasim ji
i am talking about icici bank
hey, since my medicine course have been completed
Best deal for flight for next month
242-841-8800
face wash
plz fast
Birthday is on 16 October and remind me on 15 October morning 10am
"		i would like to cancel my call reminder reminder for fri, 03 march at 11:40 pm { reminder_list: 662597, user_id: 1970867, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
yuvraj score in current match
Show me all train  between SBC to nzm
Send me the status for train no. 54473 at new delhi
i wnt to knw 12424 teparture tyme
mam may i know mumbai indians captain
could you please cancelit
Any non stop flight
samsung service centers{task}
u hv suggest me in good way
please confirm me running train status 12650
"kota to delhi 	fights and train sir"
Cinema
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 693335, user_id: 1974247, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
which match is _date_ in ipl
nind ni aari muje. 😛
any offer on recharge?
Boss any train udupi to Goa
pubs...
31 march to 02 april
flights  for nepal
let me know when the match starts
ipl the end ho gya ab ispe kya add hoga bhaiya
can you update me _time_ over for this innings
i want book train ticket bangalore to trusty on date 18/3/2017
the match schedule nand list of players
only guj vs mumbai
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 719926, user_id: 1982674, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
only ironed
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 05:00 pm { reminder_list: 708424, user_id: 1982800, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
You were a big help in the hotel booking
gas bill payment is not there in your app..
solar system kaise lagega
frm haptik to banm
hi, can you help with hotel bookings?{task}
i am just new to delhi.
Hi can you pls book a ticket for dodamane hudga in rockline mall on Sunday show
gym reminder
even close to me
water drinking done
can i order now
call or text..?
is this robotic?
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for everyday at 08:00 am { reminder_list: 648179, user_id: 1932004, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
ye bataiye ki ipl ka ticket kitne ka hai
how the app is useful to me
hu
del - bom
Is web check in is done?
can you please check my wake up call is set or not?
Haiii nashra want to know the detail of train ticket availability
thanks for yesterday reminders
can u send domino's no
Remind me a day ago that I have my office shift on 30th September
wake me today 6am
can u just remind me
Hi can I get the details for Goa's cheapest hotels and cab services from date 2nd Oct to 5th oct
i want to travel from trichy to chennai
any offer ?
hi i need to cancel a ticket
¿¿¿¿
Hey there, can you help with booking flight tickets?
at 7am today
Need to know...!! Where is library...
plesase call here
242878764
is there any offer with it?
Mahesh I want to recharge my metro card?
Review of Tamil vikarm film
wait, i msg later
6:30 tody from jalandhar city railway station need xuv cab
tell me the left matches fixtures
how many overs have been bowled or all done
send link one more time for the hebbuli monie to book
Give me the train list from jaipur to alwar
wine shop
abhinetri full movie telugu
is train250 promo code working
actually m looking for something to eat
any other??
and playing _numeral_ kxip for _date_ s match
ghazi telugu movie
yuvi kitne run mare
skin doctor
are there trains to chengannur
that s _date_ is there any match _date_
playing squad of _date_ s match at _time_
one more web check-in
Where can I get tasty  Chole bhature at a reasonable rate near matunga
it's afternoon
when are matches in delhi
i need to pay my postpaid bill
or dr azmi hain kya dekh kar bataye
payment not going through
on 28th i did a recharge of 650
He delete my reminder
just route
tomorrow wake up me by 5.30pm
cheapest flights tickets
can you tell me the scores of _date_ s match
Cab*
to aap ko pesa kese bheje baatao
venues
it's in tatawade
how r u
thanx for yesterday
in 3tier
i have requested for cancellations of my ticket.
malegaon se nashik
suree
I want canara bank Atm
kb call
hi muje ek courie track krna hai help krenge plz
send me the _date_ s match update
please tell me train status in western local line
i didn't receive a cb of referral
Remind me at 11:30 to get in touch with Meeseva Laxman Anna.
union bank in goniana
thank you dost
And remind me abt the php tutorial at the same time
do help me with live updates sir
hi ...did u get any updates on the above subject?
r u busy
u better do that
download this movie
abhi ni hoga to i'll tell u
where are you ?
Best mobile data plans for idea for 1 month validity and minimum data
show me the score after every over
a gotya
india jeetega kya australia se
oh super
any ipl matches in vizag
Check out for some other packages on kashmir and andaman
remind me to take bp apparatus
no i'm looking for cub
nenu local
send ipl score
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 06:30 am { reminder_list: 725494, user_id: 1983895, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
"meeting reminder	date: march 5, 2017	time: 12 00 p.m.	meeting with: dtdc courier - seetaphalmandi"
hey pls provide me wit the contact number of bluedart jogeshwari hub
can u call bak
Plz help me to reach lokmanya tilak terminus from dockyard road by train
please tell me the the ipl _numeral_ match venues
42-45..
Hi I want to inquire about the tour pkg  for ladakh
Reminder
ok u2
what about information
wats the scene for the match
cancle all tasks
i want to search
hi i want to go for logan in english
chek again
Bombay to Nairobi direct flight
Distance between Indore to dausa
how will you remind me?
Remind me on this Saturday 17 September2016 about update on outer deck upkeep. Time to call 3:00 pm
MEDICINE
mobile recharge
i will inform u in mrmg
you there
cancel my trip plz
i have been received some quotes
5/1/2017
i need wake up call
not now but i want go to katra vaisnodevi next week
aditya
jhon wick 2
thanks alot i am waiting
get50 is valid for new user?
mu wl is 10 can i confim my sit today train
Nearest pizza delivery
who will win between kings xi punjab vs sunrisers hyderabad
kkr win or delhi
gi
is thr any way to set a reminder for kkr s match
katamrayadu trailer
english movies
change contact number for the booking which you just made
are you kidding me?
can u please set my wake up time by 8:30 am
it is youv have wrong information
waiting for the score
Yeah luking for cabs
can you give idea about semifinal team
I want to book advance ticket for 1st day of ms dhoni the untold story
who was playing
fine
english
how much long from sitabardi nagpur
not but.
is ubergo 5 seater?
nathing nw
other matches
need information  for 11042 train gooty to solapur train bearth availability
What are the flight expenses to and fro from New Delhi
would this facility be available from dadar to pune?
okay okay
thank yuhhhh
oh already won
rajakumar
i have already set the reminders
now plz show me my all reminderz
Hey.. today are all flights coming to Hyderabad on time?
i want to vodafone offers check
Best maxican. Restaurant near me
Trip to Singapore and Malaysia
train from shirdi to pune on 11 night of march pls help me
Hi , I am in london in the first week of October . I have already made my travel and stay arrangements I was looking to see all the tourist sites such as the London eye, madam Tusards , bucking ham palace, Harry Potter world could you hook us up with some packages for the same along with metro tube tickets or hop of and on busses for the trip
it is difficult to book cab in this
I want the menu card of kfc in inorbit mall , vashi
see above
do you think rcb is going to make it
wallet money can be used for order?
aaj
weather ki jankari bata skte hai kya
sarojni market delhi
o
1 snooze after 10 min.
ok thanks sagar
here anothet option is only gallery, but i have some clear images in download file in pdf, so how to do?
axis bank atm only
guwahati to chennai
awesome work
sorry buddy send score
Can you assist with packages?
Hi, can you help with hotel bookings at adlab imagica
ya good morning
i have asked for srilanka
show my upcoming reminders
Train from calicut to the issue details of today?
Want to travel to Ranchi from Delhi
7 p.m
Now stop the remainder
what about 15% discount
in 15 min
nope
if you message me one more time , i will uninstall the fucking app
kukr hogi
yes i know i seen the whole match
how is the points table looking now
from dwarka to kundli..
are there any tickets left for the finals in eden gardens
please show my to-do list ✔️. {to_do_list}{task}
any new releases
Coupons
nhi whi trian
dish tv recharge by 11 am today
book my tickets of train
institute for airline security?
sorry no idea
Please check for airline between chennai and kochi
whe  does the chart get prepared
can you please share la liga s points table
qualifier match which will held in delhi
what movies r being shown in paltan bazar gold digital cinema hall
i need the current point table
where is cdm of sbi??
hey keep me updated
Raipur to goa
my location is
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 18 march at 06:30 am { reminder_list: 647870, user_id: 1847639, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
the display panel is shattered!!
are you pradeep
remind me to deposit hdfc credit card payment on 15 march 1 pm
My house is air cracked
it was really helpful
Full talktime
chinese rice combo
Auto/cab booking please
i want to see movie
12391 no. train ka stetus batana zara
what s _date_ s match schedule
meeting places between dadsr to churchgate
Ufobia mobile servicing centre
Hey i want disha restaurant no.
train no 12809 come to which platform in thane
march month
Book bpl to jaipur for 2s for 11 sept
pizza shop
_date_ which team r win the match
Yeah want one flight for return journy
i'm happy to being a part in #haptic
not now meenakshi if i want to.reserve the table i definatelt text u ok
hii pooja
contact number please
want minimum fare
i want to cancel my train ticket
thanks!
can i use 200 which is in my account
no need ryt now ty
dubai yrr
7.50 am everyday
your good name
which players are there in kings _numeral_ punjab
order food online
hi please tell me the indian team squad and west indian team squad
i need tickets for the delhi semi final match
with full info
paradise delivers to my address but it shows not deliverable area...
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 691640, user_id: 1965195, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
jio recharge of 99 prime subscription not available
Looking for air ticket from igi to ewr ..perfect date 20 Oct & return 20 Nov .. date r flexible.. also see if can contact to my home town Chandigarh.. bit urgent..
oiiii
plz share pnr
hey can you tell me what score it is
okay i wanna pay though haptic wallet
Blue flims
update me when rcb is playing
Can you tell me the cheapest train fare from Patna to Nainital
scores update please
kfc near by
give me jio customer service num
thatkal availabul
çañcel it
logan movie show timing
delhi s squad
anna nagar
Please remind me at 4pm for a meeting with my teacher for website design
who will win _date_ s match based on stats
what ll be the charges
i want to know tamil movie shows details
please update me with scores
may i know where is the train 22502
Pls stop these reminders
i want to find a train from delhi to ramnagar
in hyderabad
nooo thank you mohit by gn
😂 😂
pls recharge of 100
pls send me a receipt
box office collections man
get50 code expire or not
hi avinash
v made it to semi final
best pani puri near by me
is this tie
any
Kalyan to pune train
Any other hotel....I stayed last yr at Oyo rooms.
Can u book cab ?
pnr status for 2428113589
Hey, I'd like to order a pizza.{task}
train seat booking
bank se 1 week me kitna rupes nikal sakte h ??
can i get it in train
cakes
Haven't got any call from electrician
their is no need
"साला क्या समय चल रहा है …..		खाते है तो पचता नहीं..		कमाते है तो बचता नहीं ..		ऐसा लगता है कि…	बटुऐ में नाथुराम गोडसे बैठा है		गाँधी जी  को 	रहने ही नहीं देता है।"
wow thank you can you check availability of tickets for raipur
100
hi can you help me?
talk to u later
hyy
Service centre address in munbai
6 or 7 times
not required at all bullshit
uber??
at ranibagh
semi final start timing
have a gud evening
I have to reach Goa on 18 or 19....please give me the best flight or train tickets rate to reach Madgaon ( flight) or Thivim or Perene ( train)
sure pls
I want to order gool gappe at my home
seriously the offers of haptik is lame and dry
please update score of every over
Please remind me for blood testing
i don't want tickets. i have changed my mind
Hi there! I want to book movie tickets.{task}
already set. leave it
not required. thanks you. 😊
1 thing more
no ur sending me the wrong table
150 r
i want to order a plum cake
drank 😀
app matches status
i want it from makers of milkshake
this is for appt
can you send me the result of _date_ s match mumbai
love you
k thanx
please send dr. anand number
going to tallyganja
Can u find icici atm
Review of raaz
by mistake
Can you ckeck tickets for 11am show in PVR
Tirumala express train cost how much
where is atm
can i know from where should i buy a sewing machine?
i m looking for a trip to auli, uttrakhand
Library?
please cancel my reminder for drinking water
cancel
this is too far
sweet dream
bank of baroda or sbi
remind me to call rb at 5.00 pm
train no is 12439
want address of baba food mall
wake me up at 6.30am
i am feeling alone right now
for tmrw please
Stop the reminders puneet
i only want scores for mumbai indians
couple package for mauritius include airfair
Distance from amravati to aurangabad
i thought it would be a msg anyways thank you for the scores
bt rcb has tho defend there score
Jio broadband plan jabalpur
mh-43 which city
Hi I have finished my medication so  can you end the remainders
who won the match early _date_
corona arcade
Near by hookah parlour
I want a vontact fetails oh kahna restaurant subash nagar,vaishali nagar,tonk road
near by e pay axis
i would like to know in which channel ipl commentary is in english
Nearest club
Name Hollywood movies playing near my location
nishant can u send me the link again
canara
48 km up and down
update the score on the tim
please give hyundai spares address in tirunelveli
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for everyday at 07:30 am { reminder_list: 517800, user_id: 1925160, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
"add a new to-do	task: renew puc	date: march 30, 2017	time: 10 00 am"
result of _date_ match
yes off course
which is the favorite _date_ for batting
chennai
2655707981
all
he will play in next match
could you please tell me if there is any branch of  icici bank nearby?
3:00 clock show
can you check the status of my tdr?
thank yieww
is a russell is playing _date_
wow...nice
Good restaurants near me??
i wanted to do the recharge on my mobile no but due to some reason it is not happening
Samsung service centre
I need web checkin of SMIPQC
i get reminders when i open the app...
kya aap muje bata sakte ho
updated the location can you check now
Any nearby spa centre
Please stop medicine reminders
hey, can you find me a suitable train?{task}
always update me with live scores
3 people to stay in one room from 8th to 13th
I want to recharge my tata sky
not cancel it would
i want aloe vera leaves
Yoga centre or gym
Delhi to nanital road map???
☺
sorry sorry lulu mall
updates will be over wise
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 704926, user_id: 1976058, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 644317, user_id: 1966206, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
abe so gaya kya
they are way too expensive
near by atm with cash
is this lowest fare
i  want  to  know  khanak   womens  wear shop located at  banjara  hills
Cn u tell me which gate I've to go through to catch the flight at 5.45
ni
how can i turn reminders off
bhai  rent kam aye to remainder karna
flights from chennai to goa in april.
I need a ticket for the new Bollywood movie M.S Dhoni
change the time from 7:30 to 8 am
how can i order food
tq 4 ur service mam
bhal, alibaug is my location..
i am finish
at what time india n pakistan match will start
I want tea n snacks
kya mai kuch v remainder lga skta hu
send me the update through messages
pnr-kbzwpd spice jet flight pls check the same refund still not recd date-18-02-2017 saturday spice jet ahmedabad to mimbai morning time-5.25
कैंसिल
which s next cricket league
i didn got cash back
i am in bangalore indira nagar currentlu
as i m seen madgaon is too far
do you have bhatinda express there on your list
got?
3,4,5,6 date reminder cancel
The departure time of train no 55616 has changed?
will i be able to cancel it if required.
Are they any axis bank cash deposit machines near by to my location
can u help me to pick which is nearest station among all those for goa
how many balls are left and how many runs required
Will order later
train to kochi from bangalore
also get me updated about this all the time
can you send the complete detail
Well how many fare for traveling dubai
Ya want the movie tickets for saturday
ok diagnostic center ke bare me details bataye.
What would be best data plan for me
how r u buddy
send in every over
you set regularly for me.so what's the problem today?
ok dude
update me again when match ends
any food
i want to continue
Tickets for 22 Oct
please send me receipt
Chinese restaurant
check morning alappy to trivadrum train
my mobile recharge was nt success y
19031 late to ni h na
and no i am reminder  on cary
can u check uber cab fare from shalimar railway station to ae block sector 1?
what is this message i recieved on my number{task}
Set a reminder to call dad at 10am today
12759 Charminar express 2 non AC Tickets from kazipet to Secunderabad
Can you suggest me some travel packages
what are _date_ s matches
i did not received the cashback of 75 on my cab ride
is _date_ april ticket available
tell me the todays match team composition
Call on 8511141888
when is sunrises match in uppal stadium
Suggest me all Vijaya Bank ATMs nearby
pls share the rent medical inclave to relway station
kutram23
nalasopra
HDFC  BANK near Bidhan Nagar Railway station
please muje hrr ball ka msg send kl dena
kam paise waala bata madharchod
flat no 1301 13th floor
show me some more places regarding my previous question
where is a gandichowk in veraval
Availability on 10th
no silver plate in azadpur
nope thank you shruti
i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 07:30 am { reminder_list: 714385, user_id: 1842671, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
other movie
Any dbs bank atm??
you had sent that of srh
shell i know the full schedule
could you please checkin my flight ?
sonata watch shop
thanks for your reminders
offers in tirupur
86565 57064 pnr
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 713021, user_id: 1983895, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
good morning karan
when is _date_ s match
tell meh the scorecard of punjab
and how will you pay for ticket?
you are superb
i am getting 2 reminders to drink water
in my wallet i had 240 rupee where is tha amount
i want to book for 7 30 dt saket show
how many kilometers are there from monippally to kottayam?
hi i want cab now
okay thats not a problem if you can then please send me scorecard of last game of rcb against gl
Details for Silent valley trip
send me reminder to drink water on every 2 hours between 9 am to 11:30 pm
u realy help me alot
pkl points table
u too bye :)
what are the places to visit in jaipur?
same train that i asked erlier
commando 2
okay. thanks
direct flight
vaise sach me tum real person ho kya
Please set a wake up call for today at 4 p.m.
Okay stop reminders
2007
abhi kya cal rha mech ka mem
are any tickets available for _date_ s match
No continuesly u call..after wakingup i ll cut the call
any other nearby
who was the highest scorer in the last t _numeral_ session
why 150?
i have booked
could you share me live update for every _numeral_ mins
nearest idea costumer care ofdice
Can you do it everyday from Monday to Saturday?
jokes
can you please set reminder for gym
to go to office
make me reminder about the train plz
Please mail me the ticket
message sent
can i reselect pickup and drop
Any offer on kfc
But is it conformed ticket!!
where do u live
Home delivery
thats an error please ignore
how are you shruti
ok. thanks .
pless check atm madhapur  near by
gujarat steel tube
Inrian cusiness restaurant
I want a travel package for a couple
yes sir..how are you ?
commando 2
I want flight tkts cheap
i want to reach jammu darbar
can you give me live india vs pak updates to day
i want india squads
i want food
room
check few tifin services in mumbai ...malad west
Ya I'm searching for hotels
keep me update please
but it does not show any charge back
no nothing
i need taxi on 31st from my hotel to airport
Bank of maharashtra
japanese language class in velachery
what's monday morning blues??
"thanks.	the plumber who came on feb 14 said that he'd come back the next day to do the job, but never turned up!"
fine who will win
Indian
i want to put a reminder
"add a new to-do	task: danvanth nps	date: march 4, 2017	time: 9 45 am"
thank u so much
please send _date_ match scedhule
kaise ho
set a call reminder for
rps vs punjab winning rate
show my reminder
distance in km
and yes please do update me..
thnaks for the help
hey pranay
i need to know cashback offers
_date_ mache
i m asking for schedule
nothinh
Sure.. its been raining alot we have postponed the trip
Hey i wanna go chennai by flight on 18 pf this month and will return on 25 of this month pls get me very cheap flight detail
Airtel
by wat time will i get the driver details?
group b ranking
what was india s score at _numeral_ overs
ok?
when is mumbai playing next
i mean if you can give me _date_ updates on ipl matched
show me train hwh to bgp
yeah i knw thnks for remind me
Tell me cheapest flight form indore yo dubai in month of December
not yet delivered
can you help talking in english
please upadate regularly m on travel buddy
return date - 20 march
Is this train runs on 27th
which team is on top
Can u book table for me in at mango
i need invoice also
there is problem so i talk to u later
can u please give me wake up call in morning 8:30am
kya mai jan sakta hu ye plce kaha hai
send me reviews for other movies as well please
same...
say ali how won d toss
Superfast trains
reshmani good night
phone number please?
all new movie
can u send me electricity board contact
can i add wallet money here?
wake me up at 6 pm today please
Dine in option
and tell me how can i use cashback
Return from Nagpur to mumbai
tatkal booking
can u book 4 tickets fr ne
Can u find a seat in 6e665
plz send me the link
ya thanks
any minimum travel charge ?
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for sun, 05 march at 03:45 am { reminder_list: 714351, user_id: 1983763, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
no thanks.....
how many points did every team need to qualify for the playoffs
i want  internet  recharge
could please let me know status on my earlier req for carpenter
can you please set up a wake up call for 6:18 am and 6:28 am.
khaidi
check in
any marathi dramas in panvel or vashi for this evening
don't need to wake up
where do i go for such household maintenance n repair assistance. i need another service for cleaning the windows along with vacuuming window channels, just the windows
hi i need train schedule for train no 16787
help me buy tickets for ipl qualifier _numeral_ on _numeral_ may in delhi
find the nearest organic shops and patanjali show rooms
just now i don't want
pl mail the tickets to my mail id.
but this 3rd time happened
which day is available,i think there is only one direct train from blore which runs on particular date
pune is out off the series
set reminders for all these exams
who will win the match in srh vs kkr
"		i would like to cancel my call call to jagjeet for bt ravneet case meeting in 7 pkl reminder for mon, 06 march at 10:47 am { reminder_list: 683248, user_id: 1003836, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
_date_ which teams are going to play match
Pizza hut near by?
when s the final
i want to watch the video of yuvraj singh stump out in _date_ s srh vs mi match
who win the game
dubai ke liye flight
can you please share me the match schedule for _date_
Any vada pav outlet near Sarita Vihar or Jasola new delhi
tall me time of  gold last show
Nearest atm from d mart
Non veg restaurants
not yet received.
want to see every places
any offer on train booking?
hi, i'm interested in watching patriots day. {movie_name:patriots day}{task}
can you tell me in bet market who is winning india or ausies
please send me link again
7.45
duration of logan ?
can you show scorecard of rcb vs gl
micro
oh u r so sweet
i got 3 calls
fast reply
3
need to book 2 tickets from bangalore to mumbai
is there any service center in marathali
can you pls help me with nearby place having color printer?
Train  no12733 .3 tickets
I need night stay rooms in bangalore
dnd  use
ya i received
_date_ match kiska h sham ko
hey i need to no results of _date_ match
narnual to delhi train  kal
ya
tx9m4t
i not talk about that
What is   my airtel recharge status
want to book a flight from blt to pat
also do remind me i have to transfer money in my bank
Train name don't know.but want sleepers tickets
and around how much they can pay
was nit working anhd h
i need a dholak for baby
I would like too book taxi for kolkata railway station
ok thanks
Can u tell me the 3G unlimited data plan
we're planning to travel to karnala for one day trip
Can i gt raw chicken delivered to my address?
payment alert for axis on 7/3/17
idea postpaid
tthanks
remind me to drink water everyday
hotel fresco palace
you told tht you will give updates at every _numeral_ mins
Raaz reboot show timings in noida cinemas???
have i set anything for today ?
final match scorecard
my query is about the mosque, near whitefield railway station
yes. i want more
arrange cab
hey suggest me the nearby prostitute places
who s the orange cap and purple cap holder in this ipl
i want international
this is not enough
utkal express from bandamunda to haridwar on 27 march 2017
Hi, I am interested in Mesmerising Ooty 3 Nights 4 Days package. Please tell me more about it. {product_id:845, product_name:Mesmerising Ooty 3 Nights 4 Days, api_id:8, api_name:travel}{carousel_cta}
players in rcb _date_
whether mumbai indians have chance to go through next round or not
I want ola
the airline has cancelled the flight i have booked .. plz check
hey what the current s
hii neha
i won't. you talk with respect.
Shatabdi express
cn u help me out wid jain temple in udaipur
apex academy pu block,pritampura near st.stephans school nd-110034
player wise
how do you look like?
women s world cup
is their any frim your side
previously i booked a train ticket in that i selected gaya to howrah
i now ipl mi which no
pooja infosystem 45 pub kothari nagar amrawati road
Menu for Oudh 1590
nearby atm
so what s your review for the match
Now at any general train available thirupathi to salem?
any cashback on train tickets
"i was already booked 	you see earlier message plz"
skin specialist
hm kh rhe hai ki ap kaise check krte hai
latest one i want
actually i want the details of last match played in chinnaswami stadium can you get me details of that please
the a26 seat??
i need vijaya bank
8th march 3pm meeting with cii
I want a call you
i wanna order a bday cake
cricket score india vs aus 2nd test
why only 552 came back ?
update scores every _numeral_ mins please
is not available
not now
who has the orange cap at present
Looking for union bank atm
no i don't want to any reminder
mail gd goenka
was recharge of 99 done successful?
need to discuss with family.... will let u know
ok tell me
Please tell me show timming for saturday with cost in foroum or gopalan
live match score
i talk to soon
Yes flight ticket on 24 night
mom
Remind me by call
remind me to wash clothes
and tell him to wake up
lokesh rahul s career stats please
thanks u too sleep soon
tday 9.30 pm
error massage
bui
nd thanks
Which movies realizing tomorrow
hey where do i find ipl merchandise
I want to knw nonveg restaurant who delivers home
any discount coupon on recharge of airtel postpaid
Movies in ambuja mall Raipur?
Well thanks..right now let know available tickets for boarding on 13th night..from thanjavur to Bangalore..2people
Need to know a bus time-table
Does the 9:30 bus..  Has departed from chitoor..
i want to order some food
total
okey
ipl _numeral_ current top scorer
reviews of audience
how ll u remind ne
no reviews that
details batting score card
axis
thats is just fine thank u
hi hasan
can u say me pvr phoneix mall timing
"time to make your to-do list shorter, sarvajeet!		task - raja for vat , jehan mail need to talk to dad with gps location, accounts , havana excel sheet , e.c for yellow"
okk
that means 3165-474
3 samosa walaa misaal
Days of tafree review
_numeral_ dys match schedule
sixes by virat kohli in ipl
can u tell me the estimate fare??
wajt yo repair my acquaguard
I m looking for wooden house near beach and should be nearest place to Goa(doblim)
im asking train
I am not going on train frome childwood
jabalpur se rewa jane wali gadi ka number kya hai
Remind Tulika on  91 7045-318021 today at 6 to have water
two wheeler insurance office
what is the current status of the train
okay...
17019 train availability from ajmer to hyderabad on 8th may
thanks you to
Hi can u remind me when  nikka zaildar film realease
thank you was lucky to watch last _numeral_ overs
score please bro
how can i use
ya i what to do h postpaid paymnt any offr??
Nearest museum
🖕🏻
hi...no need of water reminder
i was just checking the app!!
urbanclap person called
overs up
todayz ipl match score card
Are you help me about reliance jio sim?
ipl is scripted
why you always sends old points table
recharge not added to my d2h
yes _numeral_ is less you should have point _numeral_
tell me live update of _date_ s match of ipl
tomorrow morning 7.30 am
How to book train ticket
what rhe score
😃
prices ad high monica
Fan repair service
cancel all the reminders
kahnna aacha hona chaiye
delhi to goa
Stop giving remainders
Which movie is releasing this Friday?
Telugu
Looking for Samsung mobile service center
is it good time to travel fr kerela
i want to go pathankot junction  to dharmshala via bus
truffles
yet
my issue was not yet resolve
12979
Hy I hung out at pizza Hut at last
Okay, the to-do list reminder is set. We will remind you via a call at 09:00 am on Sat, 24 September. Take care :)
I just booked a hotel and bus.. Will take your help next time
no.. thanks
how can i wake up with a notification
hey gaurav
I want to order a cake
still match is not started
hi can i recharge broadband
the worst part is one month expiry on cashback
muuhhhhhaaaaaaaa uummhhhhaaaa beautifull 💋💋💋💋💋
train tickets pls
any restaurant that delivering morning breakfast
Will checkout later
can you help me  find the sbi branch atm
anand vihar terminal to moradabad train schedule today
will u give me the railway time table of shyaldah to caning local
delhi _numeral_ _numeral_ or rcb _numeral_ _numeral_ khel rha hai
so the cash back is not flat instead upto
hey, can you  set a wake up alarm for me? ⏰{task}
will it be added to my ola wallet or haptik bud?
hello mohit,
delhi ncr
I want to know the best time to go Jim Corbett national park
travel from mumbai to shirdi
at near kompally hyderabad
have a lovely day.
Muje reliance 4G dongal k bare mai detail batvo
Remind me to pay my Amex card & Kotak card pyt on 8th October 2016
and what about elyee cinema hall , jorhat 11 am
movies in dombivli west gopi mall
i want to set a call reminder
at 3:30 re - remind me for the sam
i want to stop the reminder
Tell me about the buses from maihar, madhya pradesh to ramnagar, madhya pradesh
I wanna know about thetre s and movie timings near me
i will book by 2morrow
when will be next match for india
oye
Book train ticket
platform no for bhopal shatabdi from ndls and its halt stations
trains list
i need nearest hdfc bank atm....
please full skore board
which is the best romantic place for dinner in pune
Hay, can u remind me to call prof Bijwe on tomorrow 9:30 am
no bro
today at 12 pm
tnx shruti😊
how to get the tickets for _date_ match in bangalore
watch
is there any discount from haptik side
ohk thank u shruti
i find the nearest atm
means when i get this amount i can transfer it to bank account??
aap hume jante ho
is r jadeja in gujarat right nw
Warranty?
search gym nearby my area
corporation bank
hello train tomorrow only right
how many seats are in waiting list??
logon
yes is there anyone else western union and money gram
not at the moment. thanks sakshi!
check prices for hotel
Give me a reminder call to get my AC serviced after every 15 days
of any team
good morning rohini
score please for rcb
show me rating
Remind me to take medicine at 11 p.m.
where is bank of badoda atm in lokmanya nagar thane west
for dth recharge
iron box repair?
☺️
i will ask to have it done in few minutes....
playin _numeral_ for semi final _numeral_
i need new telugu films
on which ground ther r playing
what is the release date of baahubali 2?
hello . ur service is bad
is buy 1 get 1 free available today?
i want some where i can take my child
yea
Money double tricks sir...
can you show me showtimes for andheri
for those two previous reminders only
another reminder
hi want to recharge my phone
_date_ s rslt
I want book the  flight tickets for 2 persons from Mumbai to Chennai on Dec 9. At the time after 2:30pm
please give the updated points table
can you remind me to take a break after every hour?
Nearby Sony service centre for laptop
i want to jama masjid
do we have other coupen code so i can apply and get cashback
Schedule this from Monday
i need india vs australia match tickets
Cheap hotel in bhubaneswar
I want to cancel my reminder now
u r not supporting for bus booking
provide me the authorised samsung tablet service centre
only bareilly
tell me their contact number
Train
Ambala to Delhi train
I want the show timing for priemer show
ok darling
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 06:10 am { reminder_list: 239724, user_id: 1574288, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
hey can u remind me tonight at 11 pm that it's sandip's birthday
Is there any pure vegetarian restaurant in Jasola?
full acorecard
Axis Bank at sion??????
which two teams are playing next
what's the fare estimate from borivali station to powai
please help
remind me by 8:45
i require ac technician
I want andhra bank ATM
what s the score for _date_ s match
o want to book a ticket
playing _numeral_ of mi rcb
Barbeque nation
🤣
same as earlier
i want pen touch near me
i have no money please show the direction of nearest atm
hey ridhi do u provide with bus services
Alchohol delivery
wl coach is not located
i need personality development class please find for me
thank u mohit
if i want to go to see the match can you book the tickets
will i also provide an app or something fr paying gas bill online
Set alarm at 2 o clk
any offers available on pizza online orders
is there any bus service from shimoga to pune ?
Menu of tomato's
Pizza Italian
i want to enquire about hotel avisha.
next time with haptik
Deals on pizzas please.
send me details of mriganabhi
how is virat batting form
can you tell about the match prediction
I want to know the transport from delhi to jhunjhunu
i don't get recharge my phone till  now.. is there any problem..
suggest some good restaurants in indranagar, bangalore for candle light dinner
from thiruthani to gudur
hi, i'm interested in watching premaya namah (u/a).{movie_name:premaya namah (u/a)}{task}
I need someone that can break a lock. I locked my house door with my keys inside.
in junagad
Aircel network
Tell me local train to new delhi to tughkabadh
any offer for postpaid bill payment
did the match start after the rain
t
Hey there, I want to book a bus ticket.Magical mu
i want the nearest icici atm
no thanks!
hello rajendra! good morning
paesalevase
Hi wanted to order from burger king in vasant kunj ambience mall
get me telugu movies
that's it
tatkal
suggest newly released psychothriler hollywood films
ranchi eyelex
ACTIVATE DND
mein ne english sehne k barre mein baat kiya na
dr p k ganguly
when are the semi final match of i ll
may i know the address of amber restaurant
in rcb
nothing buddy..thank you
i would like to book tickets for ipl
no sorry it's for am
bol
Axis bank
that's it for now.
thnkuuui
what is your facebook name
10.00 a.m.
i was told that i would be given timely ipl updates
"sure	i would like a cab"
And he needs to take medicine after every 30 mins
per kilometer charges?
i would like to set reminder for birthday
train no 12304
bt i m file tdr upto 4 hour
urbanclap has not yet contacted me
give me some time
Banglre to delhi trains
keep me updating with score mumbai indian match
jet airways flight 9w487 on 03mar2017 is expected to leave bom at 21:05 hrs,reach maa at 22:58 hrs.
bus from khammam to hyderabad
Can u send me the dominos menu
Can you tell me the train timings of Hyderabad to lingampally MMTS for today
shresta vihar delhi
i want to talk to person.
jist check....
can i no wr i can find ipl tickets
Can I attach a car to ola/Uber without myself driving the car, I don't want to drive the car or hire a driver. I want ola/Uber to take care of car and driver, and generate revenue for me.
back
Videocon mobile service center nearby me
Mobile recharge  nahi hua 249 rs ka
india llst
secunderabad railway station hyd
Hi... can you suggest some good places near goa? I want to plan 5 days holiday
remind me on 30th sep at 10am  friday to call the party mr prakash for payments
10 tarilk ko
busy right now catch you later
dr rl verma
plz set one more weak up alarm
teams for todays match between sri lanka and south africa
can you call me
I didn't get call today mrng
Which food?
musical instrument shop
any cash back?
let me know score
It Takes so many hours to travel from bangalore to trivandrum
brilliant grammar high school adilabad
what's the estimate price
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 04:00 am { reminder_list: 506795, user_id: 1921524, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
😴
hw would i book ipl tickets
"reminder 1 : at 6 am 2nd march	reminder 2 : at 6.15 am 2nd march"
buffet in powai
surely
unable to contact driver
more petrol pump
Find me a nearby Tattoo Parlour
this app is taking to long to answer
Is it direct flight
Can I know about airtel new plans about mega saver pack?
Ok,book the tatkal
score and over please
looking for cycle stores
chennai?
even the overs should ve been included
thanks gaurav
please keeps me updated with scores
can i have shayad hospital contact no.?
hi i'm looking for salons for keratine treatment
nearby
Been trying to contact the electrician who did our geyser, he doesn't answer. There is water leaking from the geyser. Can you pl contact him? His name is prateek his number is 84528 76011.
Yes , but i want to know seat availability
will give u details
faridkot koi cinema hai
please say me what is hmm???
where is prabha theatre in mysore?
wake me up today at 9:33am, 9:41am & 10:04am
do u need irctc username to book my ticket
wen match will start _date_
i wanted to let you know that i no longer need a call for waking up and my journal time
shimla
its okay, i will have to talk to my friends, actually we are planning for a vacation.
brain international school vikas puri
please tell me trains from chennai to nellore on sunday before 12 pm
lagon
any class
_date_ matches of ipl
i don't know
What r Aircel's USSD codes for checking balance in Delhi NCR
he will get it for me
but dont remind between 2 pm to 5 pm
hi, i'm interested in watching nenu local. {movie_name:nenu local}{task}
Timing of local train from akurdi to shivaji nagar
ok thank you...let me discuss with my friend and let you know :-)
further reminds
could you send me details of the matchs _date_
can't i just buy the onward flight ticket.. is it mandatory to buy the return ticket together??
his name
remind me for dinner at teejs at 8pm today
thnx fr us help
ha bilkul
nothing else
Nearby servicing centre for lenovo laptop
In 3ac and sleeper class both
need to arrange two pick and drop
can you help in cancelling my booked tickets
place it is being held please
plz remind me...
i need you to call on 078752 19197 at 3:15 today, for a wake up call.
Malayalam movies in colaba
16th october mumbai Delhi rajdhani mumbai delhi 3 tickets 1st ac
so for the next ticket?
Tell me 2class train ticket as gurugram
score of ipl match _date_
i didn't receive it yet
I want to book taxi for AHMEDABAD can u arrange
what is payment for this ride
any match in dharmshala ipl
siddhart, there are closer than that for sure
is recharge already done ??
can i get a cab from t2 to walkeshwar
when is next match wit west indies
any offers on pospaid bill payment?
hey one more thing any charge about this service.or.its a free service
we are planning for 2 dayz holiday in igatpuri, provide some details about hotel etc.
dominoes
"today i need, elevator (lift) maintenance service provider in vadodara, gujarat		can you help me?"
What is train timing
i want to know availability and fare in ac 3 tier (3a) in train number 12227{product_id:12227_bct_indb,api_name:trains_api}
show mi the match live score
let me know the service provider ,then i will get back
Find me the bus number from my location to vepery
just kidding..😬😁
sbi atm not work another atm direction
send the map location for here
april
you are a bot right??
if so what is the validity for that cash back
my budget is 100 rupees
ganesh nagar bus stop dahisar east
can the coupon code fly1000 be used twice on one way journeys?
i want to book tickets of cricket match can u help me
from irctci
can u give me glowing buzz contact number
i think delhi daredvils is win
Oriental bank atm
any coupon for recharge??
pizza prises
website plz
my daughter is 2 and half year
i need to select new destination
hi, i want some help with train travel
which is the cheapest train from ernakulam to panvel on 11th may
hello i already booked through haptil
reminder for wake up
hey can u see if thrs any  seat available from mumbai to jaipur on 10 or 11 march sleeper class or 3rd ac
please cancel this reminder
Sola bridge to express way junction
!.
wish you happy birthday.
i don't know train number
rate?
hi himani nthanks but i will be watching the match so wo n t need updates you can turn off the update reminders
check my ticket
which is the nearest dominos in my location?
Give m the route of jsme to gaya by train or bus or any route
From today u didn't call me for remainder
what cab service is dis??
uk848 book for 20 mqrch
i am sorry
Kolkata to mumbai
Trains from new delhi to patna. On 6 nov
aerobics clasd
present game score
I need best data and voice plan in Nagpur  Maharashtra. Airtel Vodaphone
bus booking?
hye! suraj
rangoon at westend mall aundh
mcdonalds near by
list of veg hotel
ek jagah sheet ho jaayega pls
how are you madam
who is caption of gujarat
In wich cinema?
oky thank u
Is there an Icici bank nearby
I have a service center behind my house
ab de villiers playing
ya do onething for tmrw...y u just remained me to complete percentage syllabus
please send me the expected fare
i want to turn off reminders for sardi sabudana
nw i need to pay for 10 thousand that hw can i pay
kaha maa chuda rha ha apni
piz help me find lg gellari
today 6 am cheque
koi bhi pareshani nahi
☺☺
is wonderfull
please advise low fare flight
can u help me
is this the cheapest one
where ccd
30 feb
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for everyday at 06:15 am { reminder_list: 621443, user_id: 1934954, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
no sorry
bir bir ya ni,,, biryani !!
who won the final ipl
not now later we will confirm
this code is expired
hey passenger age is 66 year
on juhu tara road
please up date secore every _numeral_ min
hola
k, i'll contact you later
I want to train  rajkot to jam khambhaliya
tell me with their scores
Give me a call reminder to meet afzal sir at 12 pm noon
is there any offer in uber car for mumbai ?
Taxi for kanpur to lucknow
can i order from home?
send some cricket player photo
4849351044
hollywood hindi
from raipur
is the final _date_
sure. tnx
Hey can you find me nearest rental laptop?
aapka bhohat bhohat shukriya humare sushiltam dost !
aap unse contact ker sakte hi
any landmark nearby
i wanted only one app which replaces all my apps so that my mobile space is not screwed
There is no flights for rates less than this
tell the current score
thanks.
next mnth, thanks
actually i want to know near by higher education cess office
i il update later
ohky
done! thannks man!
per 2 hour 10am to 12 pm
did read my msg?
great i have shared with my friends and collegue .this will help them to remind things as they all wer busy with their schedule
i m designer wedding photography
offers for dth recharge
toadys matchs
wnna cancel my reminder
service cost
more nearer?
Set reminder. That's great.
what happened to the toss
tomorrow morning as early as possible
please let me know the after gayle the _numeral_ players
so where can i ask about that
its really near to me bcs i dont know the actual location of icici atm
logan is the movie
really ?????
Is this menu are not available in other branches
can u book for the same
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 05:58 pm { reminder_list: 709747, user_id: 1983188, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 720283, user_id: 1985188, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Nearest petrol bunk
can you tell me _date_ which match
do you guys know whr i ll get ac on rent
can u please mail me flight tickets
i want atms near lonavala station...
"hyd to srisailam  		in d middle i want to know if any places are there"
can u help me where this movie is available in english
i want a delivery of a medicine now
meeting with prashant reddy tomorrow at 2pm l and t mall regarding cream stone panjagutta mall
Please remind me for my spects every day in every 5 minutes
cal
i want to know where is cafe city in dhar and all it's information
commond2
already just now i recharged through haptik
ok good nice to talk to you
Can u find me cheapest tickets to egypt
from kalyan to raipur on monday train in morning 7am ... please find availability
qualifiers
i want 3g plan for tata docomo
Find me hookah parlour nearby
i wanted to ask if you cud update me abt _date_ s match
Tell me the cheapest travel from Amsterdam to Paris on 26th September
is there any offer for takeout in potenza tandoori
who will win todays match acc to you my assistant
only kkr okay
when match is going to starts
need a reminder to buy a cond
just took water
india looking good or is it anybody s game
let me know who wins the toss
i am a ten year old
is sehwag playing this ipl
hi any schemes going on for recharge for phone?
yesa
train list from coimbatore bro srivilliputhur
my refund is not credited to my bank account yet?
offers in movies please
nearly samsung service center
allahabad to ramnagar any train 5 march
I want room for 18 people and I have 40k..won't be able to give more than that...so kindly tell me a bit cheap hotel..
in sao paulo, brazil..
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for sat, 11 march at 11:00 am { reminder_list: 689451, user_id: 1946417, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
booked from your end right
hello sir namaskar
I need flight tickets from lucknow to delhi
i m in india
but i have to recharge for 47
any other coffee joint nearby
i want you to call my friend on 9916998181 number and wake him up
plz discontinue
kanchanjungha express no siliguri to kolkata ki train h uski 3ac ki tickets leni h please kya position h batayiye na
नमस्ते
are not any cabs available????
Review of rustom
anakapalle to tirupathi
ha ha ha.. thanks..
ovr and run
thnks.gm...have a nice day
Chikmagalur near home stay.....
hey no aman i wrongly select the reminder i dont want tomorrow wake up reminder
tell me about points table
At what time does tatkal ticket gets opened ??
vijaywada to hyderabad
gud day thanks.
5th is sunday,
i need a help from you
and yes n _date_ match scheduled
i want to go to raipur
can you send me the updated one
hey what does the points table look like ipl
got it now thanks
can i get your contact no.plz
What shud b the best fair if i book 2 tickets to Goa in the month of November 22
pesticide shops
from my present location
can you help in purchasing two for icc t _numeral_ final
team
may i know that again match will restart
no i do not need can ryt now thnk
hi...how do you recharge in airtel through coupon card
can you please provide me with _date_ match updates everyday for ipl
i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 06:00 am { reminder_list: 612080, user_id: 1801816, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
_date_ delhi daredevils vs mumbai indians in delhi tickets are available
meeting
ac
nearst
are you a haptik executive
who is captain of kkr
Whts the amount for mangalore to kuwait flight charges
please cancel all the wakeup call reminders
Bangalore to chennai
hey who won match _date_
kolkata wins _date_
can you please let in which plate form no the train will come
who on _date_ match
but i will return on 13
price
"		i would like to cancel my meet moushmi volvo reminder for fri, 03 march at 11:00 am { reminder_list: 682401, user_id: 1964231, task_name: meet_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
current batting players
Remind me at 10:30 for time sheet entity
set a timer for me
if it's not cash payment... then whats the other option... is it paytm
i tell u later for any help
is this valid on share
Hi can u book tatkal sleeper 2 people from ratnagiri to panvel mandovi express
mumbai to jodhpu 11 date
thank you😊😊😊
thanks a lot for d reminder, sneha!!!
cinemax
can you  help me about mobile  accessories where i get it
no thank you..
to where
Do u hv any traveling hotel discount
Nearest airport
is your lunch over?
there is offer in kfc
keep updating me the score tomm
no thanks harsha
can you update me on rps vs kxip
set reminder  for women's day on 8
sit jab mai is app se recharge karunga tab paise nhi katenge na mere phone se
Reminder to mobile me bhi set ho jata hai
dilhe to abohar
please stop updating ni just going to sleep ngn
so basically i need to drop a cheque there right?
75 cashback?
pls hurry up
please tell me offers in mobile recharge
update me every over please
thanks hasan
rs 75 cash back nahi aya morning ride ka
hi is it akshay
score please _numeral_
i mean nt tdy
i want too going rajasthan
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 07:15 am { reminder_list: 687914, user_id: 1943637, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
tell me satyam theter moviea
hey can u please provide me how much bill of this number 8130990703
i want coupon for train booking
somewhere in ghatkopar area
sir tiger shroff ki koi movie aa rahi hai ??
1gb data recharge of aircel
full scorecard
has the match ended
9266300300 on this number
73897 65837
hello monica
punjab vs delhi match full summary
hey can you send me the score card of last kkrs match
Tomorrow 9:30 pm reminder for gali sigh board thik karna
gud even.... madam hw r u
rchrg of mrp rs 365 on 24/02/17 successful.tlktime rcvd rs 314.39,stax rs 47.61,accessfee rs 3,new bal rs 314.40.transid uer1702242139270113..
can i get some other quotations for cctv camera please
bus ksrtc
hii priyanka
idiot
ok... in oman airway's
Remind me to call up Royal Enfield showroom tomorrow at 4pm
Bus for Bharuch to moti khabdi
i'd like to see the review for lion. {product_id:et00045676,product_name:lion,api_id:,api_name:bookmyshow}
Innova with full middle seat. We are 4 adults and 1 kid
i'm looking for a good goggles store for me
Food is good but I have ordered biryani was delivered without raitha and katta
web chkin... 2 pnrs... need seats together
no thanks, will let you know.
Ya my microwave switch r not working
I need a travel package
jaipur
i say something
the current score
56213 can you tell me about the waiting list status?
i want icici atm
need more options
how far to manglcity and terminal treand indore
hi, i want to book uberpool - 2 seat
what will be the cost?
kfc in andheri
When is the departure time of train number 04425 from kollam on 17th october
Carpenter charges???
sure, tnx
Can you suggest some 4 star hotel in goa on calangute beach road in a budgetof Rs.1.5 lac for 4 rooms for my required dates
Book ticket in my city
Train no 13247 kis station per hai
orange cap race
hmm ok
please tell me schedule of match of india team
remind me to eat eggs at 6 pm today
reply fast plz
kx _numeral_ p are loosing it
you have recharge jio prime
is there any app or wallet app to pay?
thanks for the information. but i'm already reached at the destination.
"please show me return flights from goa to new delhi 		onward date - 25 march	return date - 30 march"
its not government
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 708867, user_id: 1982993, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
what abt confirmation of payment of bill
Is there any travels nigdi pune to solapur today night
mumbai lost
Tell me the time of bus
i want jio  prime membership
kkr wins the match
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 714900, user_id: 1824095, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
for logan
How far is jlc coaching centre,marathahalli from hometown
any cashback on recharge
149
final kab h
Pls stop my morning alarms
i want to book a ticket of train via lucknow to patna
tell me the lowest fares for a flight on the 16th
you can give any information
can i pay through haptik balance ?
not bow
thanks for all the reminders
Can u book passenger train tickets
If i pay you advance can you book tatkal ticket?
very disappointed , this time.
Is der an hotel in kalyan
will u plz book ola
Remind me to oil my hair at 10 p.m.
I need to go to hadapsar by bus can u guide me
who won the match sir
Give me train time parbhani to udgir
what if i speak english mixed with irish will you understand
do you have any dietician
☺☺ thanks
Hey, I'd like to order a pizza.{banner}
cancel it for daily
let me know tge score
tata sky and amount 3135
ping me as soon as the second innings start
i want to know your best games
i want to search for a reminder{task}
Mona mall patna ka ticket price kitna h
Puneet i have asked for 2 passengers please give the fare accordingly
kaniyakumari
i hav a balance of rs 175 in my haptik wallet, now how can i use it??
nearby theater please
any offers on online food orders?
well i want to check bungalow on rent with private pool
why again
please show me trains from nlr to anv for sleeper (sl) on 05-03-2017.
i vl get back to you..
the movie name is 'logan'
how is commandor 2{task}
i lost my mobile today can u help
dude i don't want to make the payment
sabsai sasta
i need a hotel room for unmarried couple in kolkata
Give me distance between pondicherry and chennai
can u find language classes?
can u give me the estimate fare for that
could you tell me the price of a flight ticket from bangalore to nagpur on 11th of march
i'm interested in watching lion
can i book ola share also?
anyother offee
Kindly set a reminder
can you please find a marathi theater play for me
inox nashik phone number pls
for afternoon show
ho thank you
i want to off my reminder
Can I book Ola using the app?
Hotel in yadgir Karnataka
when i have an option to commute for 30 40 rupees why should i choose cab?
where can i watch lion movie hindi dubbed in hyderabad
fasttrack show room
Ohhh m sorry can u cancel d wake up call??
book it for 25th
set another reminder {type: call someone}
sorry any coupons for recharge
i would like to know nearest film theatre
Is there any offer available on dominoz
who will win in your thinking
any vehical can i get in kushalnagar madikeri
Find me 3 star hotels near begaum pet Hyderabad
for that i wanna give too many for u
ferro mohan despatch
already i have booked for today travel
again the points table please
both of them want to sit next to each other
other hollywood
pnr 4428176522.        . 8655455551
keep me updated about every ipl match
Domino's
pnr number 8656386857 cancel tickets amount not my account please help
just checking the rates now
hebbal police station
payment will be through paytm
first match _date_
change that 9 05 am timing to 12 15 pm
okay fine n i wanted to book ipl tickets for may _date_ match
Need a train ticket from coimbatore to chennai for 14th after 8pm
nywys thx
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 654593, user_id: 1966821, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
train no 53041abhi kaha pahuchne wali hai
leave it
tell mw the weather report in kolkata is there any chance of interruptions of rain in between the match
suppose i booked a flight ticket and paid by debit card....if i have to cancel the ticket then will i get my refund in my account or in haptik wallet??
no i don't want to cancelled
i want to reserve a table in a restaurant
hi can u please change address of order
nothing else as of now thank you☺
gandepalli
tell me the ride estimate
abi ap exact location bta skte ho
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 663682, user_id: 1966918, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want to know what is the last timing for the metro train leaving for the chennai airport
check in madurai or tirunelveli
not for uber
wat
Tell me only about bus route
actually ! i'm facing a problem right now !
score of rcb vs dd
I want to know Vodafone postpaid data plan for my number
What is the distance between Mysore and chennai
yes they did contact me and said they will get back to me
i want at vangri lake not nearby
do u support payment for broadband bills
remind me to bring pendrive tomorrow morning at 10 am
howz the movie
can i reschedule it if i change the time
movies all
i will be waiting
is this barbeque nation, sector 26?
i order to pizza hut
are there any offers for booking tickets via haptik?
flight status and terminal please
i need backers around me
today 10.30 am
mrng nine o 🕒
can u tell me any offer now on haptik for movie logan
you really doing well
I need to know more about Della luxury resort, mumbai
to enter in semi final how much match required to win
want to know the prices
cover
location plz tell me friend
ya k
now what can i do
will i remove all my reminders
nai re dnt be negative cup is ours
thanks shruti
yippee we won
please snd me the points table
i never asked for ipl or any cricket results
including lamination
Yes i want to set a reminder
with or without money
i want to know about postpaid plans
today any time before 5pm
Can you instead call on 9900807075 for the reminder?
getting bored
can u find a pet shop
be quick
Ifb service center
did that..
any upcoming reminders??
commondo2
its costly
soory
who was batting now
18507 train  live running  status
i want to do a recharge
any cash back offer available as of now?
ky
i want the one who can build column(pillar), construction work
through u
address for bungee jump in bangalore
apple iphone 5s ios 10.2.1 operating system
train on 7/05/2017
teams points table
Agra to meerut Trains For Tomorrow
shud be fine
who was the man of the match in yesterdays game
is there any match in dharmshala
12019/howrah - ranchi shatabdi express
yes, you guys are awesome!!
remind me to ask college and exam fees in home
Washing machine
Hey I want to change the time of the reminder
how is the movie
closest cack shop
thanks, umesh. 🙂
after every 1hour
thanks riddhi
Can u tell me the nearest lenovo care center?
I would like to know roaming plans for my docomo network
morning 3am
hlo yesterday thana vanthurukkanum ippo varuthu online la eruntha tha reminder varuma
i want nearby nallasopara only
Tank
Please check the destination time of train from hubli to ambur
can you give me reminder for my friend birthday today evening
cancel my all reminder s
no actually i was asking about point table
wat happen??
Yes I want to order cheese cake
_date_ s match result please
cake shoo
no no just set it
free.. make sure you give clear prompt communication to customers. don't mislead. if i had already used that offer, i shouldn't be getting it either.
ty.
Any cab service?
Coups for pay postpaid bill
29 km me station
pl stop my daily alarm
i want to know point table
vijayawada to madira
All flights from mumbai to bhubaneswar
please stop the reminder of water
i need uber costomer care number
england vs south africa result
I will go with bus
can u please book for mr
how many games have been won while chasing how many while defending
Water up call
ticket  ka kya hua
whith match _date_
live watch
low fare carier
kar diya
from 10.30 am. , every hour.
hi pooja
gym hai??
can you assist me with the places where i can get these liberties
car water service
tatkal?
can you find me a shop where i could find mi 3s prime
what r u thinking where i watching this movie
why can't u tell me the least price of any show
Plz remove the remainder for drinking water
ram babu
off line ho raha hu to normal msg send karoge
can u send me nearest printers?
please update for toss whos batting first
helloo
need a carpenter to fix door which is jamming
for delhi
melacare coustumer ka number send karo to plz sir
? ?
thnkyou
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for fri, 03 march at 05:40 pm { reminder_list: 683692, user_id: 1486910, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i meant the gujarat lions match
bye for now
want to yamunanagar
kseb payment?
vinner
i want to know best reliable medical websites in which anything can be found.suggest any if you can
what is the timing for logan?
as the person i'd only it has only govind no other thing is their
where is beer baar
ipl matches
i dont have booking i want to book
i would like to book 2 tickets
"please proceed with below flights -		onward flight - rs.2571	spicejet (sg-182)	pune to new delhi	departure: 07:25 am (21 apr)	arrival: 09:25 am (21 apr)	 {product_id:e5e9ba24d79b8e44c6b3626e29fadd77b3a55874e47c89f19787a4ca46f711868f2fb49e94a993509d4ea13575c9167dd13915ee083da19135d6ee4555c79e9e, api_name:goibibo_api, type:onward_flight, others:onward flight - rs.2571 spicejet (sg-182) pune to new delhi departure 0725 am (21 apr) arrival 0925 am (21 apr) }"
i asked purple cap holder best bowler highest wicket taker not orange cap holder
i want indian overseas bank atm
nopes , please arrange a call back asap
english pictures
what did you replied for my enquiry?
what about the 28rs. recharge
phone number
Heyy are there any offers in dominoes today?
Can I use cleartrip for flight booking
we need all windo seats
ANY ROOM ON RANCHI OR MURI...SAFE HOTEL OR ROOM OR APARTMENT OR RESORT
okay wat s result of _date_ s match
will book later
tel me later bye
it's done already
I want web checkin for my flight from phuket to csia mumbai airport for today
Rajkot to bhavnagar Volvo
Help me with healthy food delivery joints who deliver at home it should be low in price but with good ratings
Latest bollywood movies list
Dear Smart Flyer! GoAir would like to inform you that your flight G8-364 on 22Sep'16 from AMD to BOM has been rescheduled to depart AMD at 00:25 hrs and arrive BOM at 01:45 hrs.
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 12225{product_id:12225_ljn_dli,api_name:trains_api}"
gambhir
Todays shows
I want to recharge 2g pack in my main Balance
ys
how haptick give all the answer of our question
its a reminder to text nivea and hide cookies .. not a wake up alarm
tatcal
Can u help me book train ticke
Sms pack for airtel
any one is coming for the service
i would like to cancel my reminder to "go to gym" for everyday at 06:00 am { reminder_list: 252520, user_id: 1835442, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
nine nine zero two seven three zero five five one
where ?
breakfast?
taoday
Please tell me distance between hotel royal park Mumbai to us consulate Mumbai
remind me to send docs to ks for vodafone tomorrow
indigo flight from pune to ngp on 15 mar booked but ticket and boarding pass and seat no still not reced. pl fwd the same immediately. so i will be free mind in all worries.
thanks so much! :)
cancel my all reminders
what is the ipl teams status which teams entered in playoff
please update me in every _numeral_ overs
can you book tickets
i i want a cab for tommorow
mam score bata do
191112
Hi, what are the theatres nearby?{task}
I got my fridge repaired for 500 rupees by a certified Samsung technician. Urban clap guy quoted me 4k for the same. This is real bad. F*** urban clap
Tickets information for trains
i wann nearest atm of bank of baroda......
whats the target for kkr
i want the points table after the current match results are out
no i want bus
Reminder for call to vijay
cheap ipl ticket in bangalore
17206 SNSI EXP
who is playing on ground nw
Jaipur to meerut trains
i havent any specific.movie.name but ha hera pheri hangama hulchul
don't call for water reminder
Hi can u help me with flight connectivity from bhopal to trivananthpuram
please update about ipl scores
A call
another than this
i did not get cash back for above ride
Hey could you check what's the cheapest ticket to vishakapatnam from Bangalore on 9 th Jan 2017
How much kilometers sangameshwer to Goa
bank of baroda deposit machine in mira road
Is there any bank of baroda atm
any offer??
could you provide me the list of rcb players who played the previous match
16106
tamil movies
tickets available for _date_
i'll first see how much the bill amounts to.
aman r u thers
near metro station
mm bike
Banglore maisore untukamand trip frm 7 0r 8 to 14th November  frm surat 1time plane retrun plane pleasee sent package  details fr 2 couple with total 7th members
who have purple cap and orange cap in last ipl
not cancel the reminder
Which train will cross carmelaram R S departing from Kolkata to Bangalore??
find me a shop around my place for getting done teflon cotting for my bike
what is score of match going on
pnr 212873368 insurance policy
pls cancel for now, i will book later
sir dehradoon gaadi abhi chal rahi hai kya?
Photo studio nearby please
want web check in
aman
near arambol goa
I want to go mumbai on 22 oct by flight and train detai give me
u got mad
and while working i am getting bored
book table
hotel booking at guruvayur
i have already booked and it costs 796rs
Can u find the nearest care center of reliance
deepesh i have a query
please tell me running status
according to you who is going to win _date_ is it sunrises or gujarat
i want to reset the reminder.
i want to see live score _date_
logan wolverine apna kab araha hai cinema mein
restaurants in churchgate
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for tue, 07 march at 05:50 am { reminder_list: 667096, user_id: 1970390, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
departure  chandigarh  05.03.17 to bangalore  earliest one passenger
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 07:00 am { reminder_list: 692491, user_id: 1979598, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Tirukanur to vilupuram bus time about
mtc bus timing for 114d
tempo service near me
in litres?
hey malvika do you know riddhi
is their home delivery from chutneys
gl wins _date_
don't want to order now
for wake up call
What wil be the cheapest rate for tomorrow flight gingto delhi from Calcutta
can you tell me lunch time for me
hay you have shown wrong tarrifc plan
wanted to pay my electricity bill
hi any offers on recharges ?
no i need offer
what is other charges?
idfc
what are the probabilities of top _numeral_ teams now
my location apra near phillaur
not now..i will ride later
canon service center
hru
can you tell me who s going to win
"actually i known i m having 75rs. cashback 	but i m not going on ride 	my family members are going"
not fly ticket
fitmiss gym paschim vihar
so when it will back
Any sony service centre
yes unmarried
hey puneet i need a hotel to stay with my girlfriend near kolkata airport today.
okie i need to know about the charges ??
what are the places close to chennai for trekking ?
say pla check and say please
Reminder at 5.30 please
electric wholesale market details
hi please set a reminder for scratching my ball every 2 hour
what a match
who played well todays last match
khyber pass
kindly cancel all the reminder
i took 1535 from medical store
full match score board
Mandore express purani delhi railway station pe kitne no. Plateform pe aayegi ?
i had requested for the reminder
let me know
how r u dear
hey, can you set a wake up alarm for me? ⏰ {task}
are u a computer
turn off all my alarma
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 06:00 pm { reminder_list: 469467, user_id: 1871155, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i know but how
what about score
not on sunday
thanks you wake me up today
okk thnkuu
cant you tell me about the team
hey, can you find me the nearest petrol pump?{task}
hi mukul
i don't want this
flight to bhubaneswar
yesterday u not help me
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 06:32 am { reminder_list: 700338, user_id: 1852040, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
my board accepts online payments from mobikwik jio money payzapp and lots more
"sir 	i am hungry"
it's 10 am
thank you pranay
I want to refuel my printer's ink
is "train250" code still working?
set wake up alarm for me for today at every  5-5minute interval from 11:45 to 12:45
batting score card
hey can you list down sponsors of ipl
"remind me tomorrow morning		meetings on monday	10 am vishal ji with dashpreet 	2 pm pc jain with vijay thakur"
kashmir side
so mumbai is out of competation
24th march 2017
hey please udate score in _numeral_ minute
tgnx
want to make anotherpostpaid bill payment
I want to watch a movie
score ketlo
116 a
nai ma'am thank you
I'm not really ready to watch a movie now. I'll tell when I want to watch
Movies
web checkin
Home delivery near vazhakala
ni free me
they r too costly
Hei puneet... I'd discussion with my family members... Everyone's interested... Totally 9 adults and two kids(3 & 5 yrs old)... Date 8th October to 17th October ... Onwards journey from chennai in train( 3rd AC)... Return to chennai in flight... Since there are 9 members, I would like to avail the discount
any other shopping malls nearby motti circle or bustand
sir hume ak address jana tha
how much runs did virat kolhi scored in this ipl
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 708128, user_id: 1982781, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
toss hua kya bro
Frequency of Reminders:  once a day
new releases in shoba city mall thrissur for friday
hi mam i want to know the live score
any offers?
up to rs. 500/- 3g internet with talk time
nice apps
indore
in seasons mall magarpatta
Surat train
thank u so much...
very nice
nearby veg hotel
want tickets pf australia and india match at mohali on _date_ march
Can you please check the contact details of hotel Holiday Inn at cochin
i want put another call remindr
orange cape
16340 train sl class that date send me details
no . not reachable
hmmm ok
I want to order pizza from dominos
got it
hey kevin
for trains?
hi, i'm interested in watching moana. {movie_name:moana}{task}
for veg
cancel the booking
i'm uninstalling ur fucking app.. normal alarm is much better
okay den give me updates of d match
i need an information other than this remainders can u please help me with that
thankd
and updated list please
"		i want to know availability and fare in ac first class (1a) in train number 22863{product_id:22863_hwh_ypr,api_name:trains_api}"
thanks :)
jaldi batyo bhai bade bhaiya logan k film mere pass koi cinema mein lag raha hai ka
show me the score of kings _numeral_ punjab now
what about yusuf pathan
cinema
ipl scored please
its way to expensive
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 682793, user_id: 1968984, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
nearest gymnasium
Don't wake me up
say something that can give me the hope that india will win
it's quite far
i want near by citi bank
you don't have utoo?
Moraddabad se haridwar k liye train
okay thanku
Where can I get reliance jeo sim
closest pumps towards dahanu
Need reliance jio SIM
"address:	104, a wing, neelam centre, hind cycle marg, same lane as tv industrial estate, worli	samaira"
how much tym?
can you give mi the all team members in ipl
Travel package for shimla
this is not vaild offer
i want uber cab
update score every over
to hindaun city
kindly chk tht whether idea 4g net recharge works while we r in roaming
haat
Nearby hair saloom for men
is he a mbbs??
kaya store
medical store
Can u tell me the show timings for the movie in waves raja garden
check for flights from pune to delhi on 10th. then check for trains from there to jamshedpur.
ind aus match kitne baje chalu hoga
puna and kkr
i wanna lose my weight
thank you for updating all these time
hey want timetable of ipl _numeral_
i am out for my work but i would like to know the score of the watch going on _date_
angamali diary
can you please tell me cash back offers
Don't wake me up this time
it's not
jaise ke mm haryana ss hu
i just want to order a normal garlic bread
what is positon if westindies lost match _date_
1seat wala
sorry... by
no.27, vybhav nilaya,  22nd main,  50feet road, girinagar t block, banglore 560085
would u give me any direct link to watching titanic movie?
nothing..hv a good one you too
i think der was an option to continue
just message me rather than calling
ru real person
"		i would like to cancel my `wish pooja di happy birthday!` reminder for sun, 05 march at 07:10 am { reminder_list: 470893, user_id: 1865861, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
negative i want bus or taxi
i want to book couple of tickets to t _numeral_ world cup
can you please tell me live score
they are saying tables are full
how many odi _numeral_ s on sachin s list
pls check my one status
i didn't receive any call
so i have a late bill
sorry ??
Find me a hotel in Goa for 3rd Sep, where I can stay and arrange candle light dinner with my GF and propose her. I want to surprise her
what s the cricket score
when is pootu  movie release
cancel  reminder
What r d movies playing at Asians attapur
any predictions who will win tday
stop the reminder from today
Remind me to text aarish's sis
what you think who win
7016013479 office number
m searching for a baby shop
Hey m going to travel bhutan in mid of oct so can u tell me about weather and tourist spot?
i want for 4days
rajasthan state
pse give present pnr number status
qualifier _numeral_ winners
what kind of reminder
yes madam but u gave me wrong contact number n driver name
is there any problem with the ticket?
i need neurologist
system is not fetching  location  since last night. uber app is able to fetch it directly. address is sarvottam  nagar sabarmati  ahmedabad
last _hotel_ match result
can you tell me who won yeterday s match
todays match is in kolkata
paaji,,, big fan of ur's !
Remind me at 4:23 i want to fuck
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 07:00 pm { reminder_list: 724188, user_id: 1986247, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
could you get me _date_ s match schedule please
I want chilly potato
call me at 3:00 after noon on 9377024392
and team list of both the teams
q cinema tdi kundli
my one prediction wrong instead of newzealand england in final
RDM to Secunderabad  train timeings
breakfast lunch and dinner. breakfast and lunch can be prepared in the morning. and dinner at night.
for 7 people.... right?
wer ris cab
can you have number of that shops
the service was great! the person can 10 mins ahead of time and cleaned up after himself! i'm very satisfied with this experience.
this is icici and axis bank atm. but i need canara bank
hi..  can you please do the web checkin for me
the full from of who
i dont want other atms
ankit
Train Tickets not available
can u find poona bekary shop
why am i not being able to apply fly1000 coupon code?
bang vs aus wat was the score bangladesh made
I asked for buffet menu
i will attach these screenshot via mail id
possible for menu
explain meaning in remainders
mcd
i need to know all shedule
Hi. How should I plan a 2 day trip to neemrana
need to knw the indvspak score
Where is vakrangee centre nearby?
Pizzas
tell me when smith gets our
Oct 2nd vijayawada to chennai GT express sleeper 1 tckt
basketball coaching near my location
Remind me on Monday at 6.44 AM to bring documents for opening of salary account.
Set the reminder
How to check the current status of my train on IRCTC
i rescheduled to evening
if u help i will give u 5 stars
nice creative
What is the distance between Paderborn and magdeburg in Germany
citi
r u there??
get me the live score of the current match
i need from virar to byeculla
neeed fon d bro
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 719967, user_id: 1985124, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
is it chargeable
please tel me who win _date_ full details
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 728661, user_id: 1987062, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
sorry there is a change in timing
cricket sores
provide me with some luxury hotels in shimla and manali
heyyy...can you please help me find nearest dry cleaners
set for me a reminder for drinking water
i would like to cancel my to-do: reliance mobile bill payment. for fri, 07 april at 11:00 am { reminder_list: 414930, user_id: 1495369, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
ye family type movie hai ya nahi
Yes I would like to travel from Auranagabad to Mumbai
the urban clap request message is not capturing it appropriately
what is this table
Trains from Bangalore to Kolkata
Cheapest flight gping out of mumbai on 28 oct evening
are you crazy
Air ticket booked.Local transport to be booked in Mumbai on 5th and 6th October
pls do a web check-in
which will win _date_
which is match _date_
"pick up 12 hardutt rai chamaria road	drop shyam mandir kathgola"
in district pali
time is not required
can you please arrange flight tickets?
hello aman
order food
sorry malvika i cannot book today
Tell me the seat no and arrival departure time
sorry to disturb you
what is status of rcb
tomorrow please remind me of going to shop status in abids
hi! i want to book a cab right now :){task}
ji sukriya batane k liye
i want telugu movies
may i know food factory in india
7870892557 full se jayda talk time offfer
lonavla on 16/03/2017
matlab
will you keep sending score after very over
4636822877 train pnr
same to you khushboo
thank you that will be all
What's the boarding time for Air China
there is a hotel dahleez in sushant lok, gurugram
any offers on train ticket booking
2848501352
Collection of banjo
Show modular kitchen skethup for customer
i need to book cab from chennai railway station to fortis malar hospital chennai
can you help me with
i m alleady pay bill
travel plus hotel
manali{task}
top*
how many runs needed punjab in how many balls
it cancelled the ride ??
just remind me in an hours time to take nd keep scissors new papers nd balloon
puneet
remind me to off the motor after 1 hour
good what do you think who will win this match
ok thanks.
please proceed{api_name:ola, request_id:crn597482419, confirm:true}
can you find me the best flight from hyderabad to dammam
motta siva ketta siva
hello ronak
listen can you get my schedule plan tomorrow
Is there any restaurant nearby ?
Can you confirm 3 tickets?
is d match stll on
nagpur
Hi.. Can you get me the flight status and gate number for 6E 473 please
option for tomorrow by air chennai to bangalore first flight out
ola share pass
lower parel
hi there
when will be india play semi finals
Good evening I want to see movies in tenali city
Is there any homeopathy shop nearby..?
fast food at 6 am in delhi
Do you do hotel booking for abroad?
please stop this notification
🙄 it's not done
stop all reminders
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 704869, user_id: 1981812, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Hi....i wnt cheapst air ticket to bagkok for dec 20 to dec 27...frm mumbai
near by cng station?
any sorry for inconvenience
i got mail that my cashback will expire
Show me more hotels with pools
i m not able to pick my location
call reminder please
hi can you tell me points table of ipl _numeral_
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 04:00 pm { reminder_list: 660156, user_id: 1961395, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
sorry right now i just want to check the fair between points.
byculla
it's gud evng
hi, i want to order from restaurant{task}
tommorow
no i am not looking for flights - can you please help with domestic help services
Nearest Lenovo service centre
How to go from kandivali to goregoan west by bus?
male
yelagiri
so no need
night train
any atm nearby sector 19 c block noida
i'm bored, please entertain me
Another person told you will get unlimited 2g in airtel postpaid like that
flight fare
thank u shruthi...goodnight
yes i will get back to u only
pls cancel my ticket
wonderla accepts paytm ryte?
Every 1 hour
can you do a web checkin for me
Can u tell me the distance between pongalur to karur. Tamilnadu
gt
heeee
for tomorrow
i am going to bangalore in june
thanks..that's all
can pune still make it to play offs
ha tell me about the score now
match schedules all match
i would like to cancel by reminder
You remember to wake me tomorrow na..?
can you find e a skin specialist near my location
Movie tomorrow at movietime pitampura and timings
bus pine to beed
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 11:30 pm { reminder_list: 607992, user_id: 1622288, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
hey who r playing _date_ in ipl
i am watching the match now i will let you kmow if i need updates
hi bhavesh
Aircel store
Call me
what is the ms dhoni score in the last match
what s the rank of kkr right now
already given
i had one
show my upcoming reminders
patli to aligarh
Do I need hard copy of ticket while traveling in flight
Can I get best buffet dinner in Mysore?
any movie is fine
can u tell me where am i
Hi. Please set a reminder for 2oclock tomorrow. Send Service Tax documents to Nagpal
i want ent doctor in my location
go air ka airport konsa hai
stop reminding of water
when will i recieve the cashback
i am going
Bus routes
thats why i dont want to book
thanks a tonne
I need to service my yamaha keyboaed
thanks for the info nishant...
sir ipl me jo team ke malik hote hai usko kya benefit hota hai jab uski team ipl ka final jote
cancellation of tickets
it's finr
i'm looking for icici atm
hey can u remind me to study polity ?
which match is it tda
suggest movie
where is thos match taking plac
😂😂😂
i want to link my ola
Discount coupons for dominos please
i got my oven serviced via urbanclap
bolun
Please cancelled wake up call
please update the score
movie list nahi h kya tumhare pass
i m in kanpur
ind-aus
sampark kranti will arrive at ypr till what time
6 siter
i need your help to find out a location
my discount
what s india s score
there is no offer available
commando movie
can you inform me about their rates as well
ticket book kaise krni hai
May I know BMTC buses r there In Bangalore?
haptik wallet amount didn't add my account
when is sunrisers hydrabad playing at eden gardens
need to book a good villa in goa
sooo much
"please proceed with below flights -	onward flight - rs.7736	goair (g8-205)	new delhi to leh	departure: 07:35 am (06 mar)	arrival: 08:55 am (06 mar)	 {product_id:17b2ee576db86d28671c1650b64edeeac8e8aeca09a81645a868f7910075975f11f33eb24608efae165dfa89c55dc3be487f1ffcd8e2bd1f0ca2e5bc8fd63f54, api_name:goibibo_api, type:onward_flight, others:onward flight - rs.7736 goair (g8-205) new delhi to leh departure 0735 am (06 mar) arrival 0855 am (06 mar) }"
green bawarchi krishna nagar
Furniture shops or showroom nearby
please update me score for every one over
where is my cash back trip completed
oil pouches,ossum perfume, selfie stick
Plz check the status of this train...
i want full route with name of metro station from adarsh nagar to dhula kua
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 12304{product_id:12304_ndls_hwh,api_name:trains_api}"
I want local bus details
how many matches they won to go into the semies
which team is going to play ipl _date_
not got refer amount for one of my refer
u can't book the rentals
are u artificial intelligence?
actually her b day as 27th jus i need a reminder day before.
Let me some best pizzas that i can try in joeys pizza
angora mall root vastral ring road
thanks😊
am i allowed to go
how would i have to pay?
and arrange passport documents by 2 o'clock
Asus service center near bycuylla stn in west
as early as you can please
8656413360 pnr status
sbi atm
heya _date_ who are playing
plan changed, i will book later
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 701467, user_id: 1981266, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
I need to reserve a table at chaibar Connaught place
not got the cashback
overall travel time is long
can you please update me with the latest score
please stop reminder for 1 week
wo jb ayege to call krenge kya..?? kyuki usme maine mera contact no. input nhi kiya
never ever
plz help
12.00 everyday to study
gfjczfjcg
no. the timing on the already set reminder
train for karjat
any offer on recharge
i want cash payment
fast shtuti
what time does mirella open?
torrent power is not there
can find the distance between edapally and fort kochi
can yu find optical shops near me?
any bus hyderabad to goa
hey can you set a alarm for a reminder
Is there any Pizza Hut nearby my location (IIT Powai)
Best restaurants in malsen
ur startup has great idea
pl keep updated
but i am not sure that i can make it...
from tommorow... wakeme upp evryday at 8 am...
tq same to you
good mng mam
I want to pay bsnl postpaid bill of jandk
aluva
book again
hey! u there??
and what were the runs
Check the train
i want go to hyderabad to day night
don't u sleep?
when was ipl starts
carpainter for fixing of  kitchen drawer and cupboards
will tell you when dates get confirmed.
do i need to pay for services
Hey can you please cancel the calling facility for my daily reminder and keep only message facility on
Is there any bus from Chandigarh to hanumangarh, Rajasthan
my pickup location malad kurar
hyderabad to tirupati train on march 15 eveng
yeah but i want medplus medical store
hey is there any show for tmmrow on saritha sangeetha savitha
todayma tch
tell me when i reach 1km from here
orange cap also
australia v s new zealand
Check tickets for 22 October
very well
Shows
no i didn't mean t
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 692790, user_id: 1579181, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 697441, user_id: 1980585, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i am going to today
jok
theres problem
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 08:00 pm { reminder_list: 692052, user_id: 1979431, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Restaurant near me
hi......
give me provided jalaun rude
hei sagar
13:30 2nd march
and can i get the full score card of the last night match
1 bhk
who team is champion this ipl
it seems to be bit costly
don't need co close
whos side on you are _date_
remind me about internet at 10.30 pm today
where it is now???
bangalore and hyderabad final match _date_
get me the scores
you can stop calling me now on...
please send me updated point table
which is open right now
_date_ ipl matches score cards
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sat, 04 march at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 704261-704262-704263-704264-704265-704266-704267-704268-704269-704270-704271, user_id: 1973633, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Can you please tell me what is the fare of that ticket.
vegetables
who is likely to win
can u also book a tatkal ticket?
please show me the details
which time
Hello I need a plumber n electritian
hi, i want to book ubergo {product_id:c8170d76-b67c-44b1-8c26-5f45541434d2, api_name:uber, product_name:ubergo, seat_count:none}
आणि सुंदर पण मोनिका
excuse what did i ask u?
venue for match
thanks n bye😊
Cancel all the wake up calls for today mng please
i want offer on recharge
how much rohhith sharma scored _date_
no thanks you
i want car for travel
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 07:05 am { reminder_list: 423307, user_id: 1749099, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
sir tiket kab ia ga??
i want to mumbai to delhi
Notify me on 10sept @10am to handover goods to  friend.
Please what movies are playing in theatres nerarer to my place
Hi Shirl...how to go in orbit mall
Have any offer on mobile recharge
rcb lost again
exactly who scored high run from nz
haripriya express when will reach kolhapur
final match ticket
still m i aligable to get 75rs cash back
i m in hsr layout
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 698621, user_id: 1980860, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
recharge hua
Hotels where unmarried can stay?
what s the scorecard of india vs australia
Dinner
hey what are the possibilities of winning in _date_ s match
4g data plans
what happens man
this is yhe train going to trivandrum.. i need status of sabari from trivandrum to hyderabad
is that out of cash ?
can u help to know about jet airways terminal from ahmedabad
what s the score for the match _date_ going on in which bangladesh is playing
can you provide me the updates of the above match when ismt starts
had ur lunch
no thank you..😊
iam a recharge no
bus ticket booking
well i don't prefer a chat
Will u plz tell me  about couple ticket rate  up and down for Delhi to shri di ticket
i had booked a flight ticket please the flight status
daily twice
advance m badrinath ki dulhania booking possible h fun cinemas ka
kiti vajta ahe match
buddy
hello kartik sir
i had paid a bill last night
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 05:50 am { reminder_list: 623710, user_id: 1958964, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
paisa hona free
hey melissa thanks have fun and enjoi
Going from jallandhar bus stand to ptu ..??
It's .k no need for reminder
Any flight btwn 6th to 8th October frm Mumbai to Guwahati?
what is the target
thank u ,shilpa
Train No. 17416  is right time
can i ask something
i want full list
give me live score ipl
any coupon code available
actually check the flight which is direct to ahmedabad coz i dont need any stop
can you please update me hourly once the scores
Blackberry phone service center
can u confirm please
pk
i just paid mobile bill
Remove
can you update with recent score
how many runs doing virat
every one hour.
please cancel above reminder
want to inquire cost for cab from vashi to apta tomorrow afternoon
which team have a good bowling
hi reshma
_date_ s match hyd vs rcb delay or not
can you provide a battery mechanic
remind me for lunch
hey shreya plz send me the details of my last bookings...
i'm sorry
cn u help me with that
whats todays match
"i hv already ordered 2 tickets 	the snap shot i m sending u"
no problem thank you so much
are there any mini burgers food court in phoenix market city pune
on it
kolkata snatched the winning cause from banglore
actually i need information
mi win
thanks for the tip vanisha
who will win the match yeaterday
Find me a KVB ATM nearby my location
tomorrow meeting with club at 2pm
i just want the score updates of the match at the end of each over
thanq..
necessary if possible plz aarange
let me know first fees
thanks 😃
hye meri jaan
and show me the points table
25c
Hi, can you help me in changing my travel date for Jet Airways flight?
who will play for gujarat
koi nahi kal batauga ki kaya kerna hai..aap b soo jao raat bhut ho gai.... kal morning me bus ek cab book ker dena mere liye ok...time morning me hi bata pauga.. ok
upcoming telugu movie s
cab cash back
hello mem
Dude i want you to find a bus from kukas to alwar
some mall
not yet but if require i will definitely come
do u have any offers .
want to cancel my ticket
pnr no: 4128531903.... cancel tickets
good hotel in alibag for fish food
Guntakal
khdwa ke li yel btana sir
please tell all coupons for swiggy
Resturant near me which accept side meal pass
no need now
Any offers for recharge
who is the best bowler till now
every time no offer for me so i not used till date haptik
please tell me that which player has hit max sixes this ipl
Banjo ..is at leberty cinemas at new delhi
sorry sir secunderabad to manmrd
where is cinepolis andheri west
Add cafe bites in cafe list
if you don't tell me
yes. thanks☺
2328800562
hi am using idea
Could you please arrange me tickets for chandrapur( bus tickets
for 3march
I would like to know the trains from Secunderabad to Vadalapani,Chennai on 22nd September 3Ac or 2Ac
can you say about ipl
Is there any offer on ola and uber rides?
12798 train stop stations
what does that mean
is there any good offer available
ola taxi
very helpful app
for only this app, i m facing this w
krishna express
Hi can you pls check the prices for the same flight again
calling reminder
sam
virat kohli
g jaroor
how can you set alarm for ms
hey is it possible to add speaker option
so two more points they will get
asslamalekum bhai
hey yur predction was right rps wins toss and match too
Suggest me good bakery for bday cake
no itz soo much enough..
has mumbai indians qualified
hey can you remind me to call mota bhai
find me a cab
who are the playing _numeral_ of todays match
do they accept mobikwik wallet payments??
remind me to call prima at 1135am today
What are the trains from chennai to Ahmedabad
Can u book me a OLA cab
if u have offers then tell me
post lunch
wall painting aaj 4 baje ke bad se chalu ho jayega
mumbai to kasol travelling options ?
to travel
i need help with cctv service. do you have any contact point near and around salt lake
please cancel all my reminders
patna sahib?
sir i had earlier complained that my coupon
"		i would like to cancel my to-do: dinner for everyday at 07:25 pm { reminder_list: 356668, user_id: 1869426, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
who will win todays match in dd and rcb
do you gave deals at toit indiranagar
have a good day. take care. khushboo/satish.
i wanna set reminder on 2nd april to visit my place @ village
who won mumbai vs kolkata
hi...i would like to have pizza...do you suggest me the restaurant nearby
Booked Hyderabad Kolhapur bus
any off
which tream do you like
Call me blacky
Nearest samsung service centre
y
from 11 to 8 every 45 minuted
not feeling sleepy ant timepass you guys have here
results of other
any new tamil movies?
I need icici atm near my location
not ac air cooler
can you assist me
i want to know ticket prices of tiku jini wadi and suraj water park on 13 march
from samolkot to vizag
please remind me to pick the new gym gloves by 9.30 am
hi, i want to see restaurants around me. {task}
thanks, i know
i am interested in movie name rangoon
How much for 1ticket
Can u give me some package deals for dalhousie
remind me tom aat 8 o clock mrng
thanks karan.
oma
tell leading run scorer in ipl from _date_ season till date
Lunch buffet in mysuru
thanks i will come with timing for today
any offer on movie tickets booking
12250 ki avaibility bataiye 9 oct ko Delhi to dhanbad
Any theatre
Get seat availability for 8 person From Banaras (Varanasi) to Kolkata on 15 October 2016 - with no time issue
i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 09:30 am { reminder_list: 487408, user_id: 1694582, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
yesterday i book the ticket
please updated to me match score
collector nagar to poonamallee
i want to study biochemistry from 3 p.m. to 6 p.m
pls do that
😂lol
book tamil movie tickets in chennai
gyms near me
chk in ur system plzz....i hv given the receipt snapshot already
4129343576
where i can eat chhole bhature at 6 am
sure thank u archana
remind me about transferring money to harshal tomorrow at 11.30am
bangalore vs sunriser
can you tell who won the toss _date_
can you explain the jio prime offer
i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 12155{product_id:12155_bpl_nzm,api_name:trains_api}
green park stadium kanpur me hai
Nearest School
hi i want to know about _date_ s ipl match statu can you please
suncity cinema vile parle
house.
This link is when I book an Emirates flight.
Cuisine or dish: Biryani
remind me to call atik bhaj
also show me flights departing from mumbai for chennai on 29th april
please send me team name of gujarat lions
mind ur language
what is the target mumbai indians chasing
is there any availability of tickets for _date_ march match
Sea food
I want train  tickets  from pune to bhopal 21st  oct
how many overs in
can u give me the movie list of jaya cinema hall at barasat morning shows
who will win _date_ match in ipl
which match is going on _date_
mam i hv earlier toldvtgat my coupon for recharge is not working pl z provide me a new coupon
pleased book again 1 ticket in same train date 07/03/17
4 adults 1 child 1 infant
Listen, I wanna book train tickets for both ways, I given u the confirmation
what is the basic story of it?
match in delhi live
what does boundary means in cricket
hey no sneha
not in any other state??
can you set me reminder plz
aap kaha rehti ho
is there any offer for railway ticket cash back?
great
call jaimon in contact
yes he is here right now tnq
Can you please cancel all my reminders
who do think will win the match
hmm good night buddy
hlo malvika
pls remind me to claim phone bill from ultimatix tomorrow at 5 pm
u should try
Movie timing of days of tafree in city central in raipur
yusuf pathan score _date_
send text msg of train booking deatils
16634 veraval express
Remind me today 11am solve kishor pethe ATM issue
heyy
let u know later on
"dont worry ..	mughe bhut queries rhti hai"
I need to book an uber cab from my location to com deall trust , HRBR layout, 2 nd cross street banglore
not need now
can you help me with bus connectivity from pune to jaipur
which team will win the game
booked earlier
no ball of bumrah was very expensive fall on mumbai indian is n t it
am i eligible for share ride also???
Dbrt rajdhani
accha ji aur aap match nhi dekhoge
am looking for hotel booking in goa
in all over ipl
i mean that u r a entertainner
_date_ matches teams name
courier service to deliver a parcel at 245206 pincode
Show the menu
Don't call me.
I want to know the seat availability for Chennai to Tirunelveli trains
any body spas near
what about the result _date_
any offers in mobile recharge?
awaiting for pnr n tkt
Bsnl best offer
is this a ai or direct chat with humans?
3/7/2017
Want to book a flight ticket on 28th September from calicut to Bhopal
plz tell me
that mean mumbai wins
when i will get my money into account
Can I book uber cabs with this?
regularly
is there any match of rcb in delhi
no pls wake me up at 7:37
i want cheeps
faridabad
August Kranti Rajdhani.. 3AC... Anyday from 9th August.. Sr. Citizen
thanks😃
my location u got
"please proceed with below flights -		onward flight - rs.3230	jet airways (9w-467)	mumbai to chennai	departure: 07:15 pm (18 mar)	arrival: 09:10 pm (18 mar)	 {product_id:a2274545809985813eb66bcc6fe4bb9bfa39771dda51e15d3f37b197659147a6ea7dc5700c63c2d61f3c8239ab02a6a409ebcb36988f2a3cf2aaaec0eb263919, api_name:goibibo_api, type:onward_flight, others:onward flight - rs.3230 jet airways (9w-467) mumbai to chennai departure 0715 pm (18 mar) arrival 0910 pm (18 mar) }"
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 05:15 pm { reminder_list: 712202, user_id: 1946934, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can u call until i receive your call
wake me today at 6am
Hey find me the cheapest way to reach Kanyakumari on sept 14
no thank i
Felicita cafe
aftr toss please inform me okay
who is the win match
update me after every _numeral_ mins
can you use hindi for conversation with me
hw to make payment for the trip
mad
now i am unable to apply promo code which i recieve
I need mobile talktime   3g saya balance 1 month in Vodafone or reliance gsm kindly suggest a plan
what is kyc in banks?
done through you
how much fare from kdmpl road no 1 gidc ahemdabad to kalupur railway station passenger 1
can you book at barbique nation
Which is the best rated movie running in theatres as of now
is toss up
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 06:36 pm { reminder_list: 686461, user_id: 1834825, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
any offer for me
Seat available h
earlier  on 28 feb  i had booked  flight  from visakhapatnam  to  bhubaneswar  i haven't  received  mails  please  send
Pls also tell me their timings
give me some more
wake me up today at 7:07am, 7:21am and 8:22am
i want to ask u that all trains should be on tym
they r marwari
i want at 11am
customer care
thanks🙂
not needed
chepest flight ticket jaipur to banglore
petrol pump
near by idea store
score in detail
cab not required now..sorry for inconvenience
one is enough
which one u will suggest to watch in this weekend
hi. i would like to renew my car insurance.
no every _numeral_ hours
my address is q904 jasminium ,magarpatta , pune 411013
for pan pizza i want
i'm un installing this useless app!
Do you have ola cabs coupons ?
hows rangoon
can you send me only todays matches
sorry no thanks
not now thank u
individual score of sunrisers
i Have an state bank of india of cash deposit machine
_date_ which teams match
i want auto ricsha. up to siddhivinayak hospital from ganesh chok
i ll need six tkts now
what is rice of the day in sree akshyam
hey thank you
please share yest match score card of hyd and pune
can you please check balance
Please can u cancel my reminder of 24 september
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 644135, user_id: 828831, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
TmrwIs, der train running from nellayi to ernakulam ?
are there any discounts
now i want to book a cab
konse pltfm pe aayegi ye train{task}
to wish mummy for her marriage birthday
I want to buy a train ticket
54782 today status
Hi...Want to stop the reminder...Thanks
show timing for logan in hindi
not available in my city
i want txn id for my recharge was done on 26 feb of idea
Best online offers for tata sky dth recharge
kerala trouist place with budget
i was refered by my friend will i get referal bonus if i book train tickets
so let me know what is total amt we need to pay for it
Upcoming movie in 2017/18
Restaurant in anna nagar chennai
who do you think will win _date_ s match rcb vs srh
from secunderabad to mumbai
thanks, but they aren't reachable
12556 atatus
y do long waiting
Kindly tell me the ways to go Nirman Vihar metro Station delhi from Nawazudin Railway station
yes fine
Veg restaurants in saltlake
can i have copy of email saying refund is initiated
who own the match _date_
patiala to bahadurgarh
Best data plan for bsnl ?
but my phone is not always connected to the network.
Cng stations
hi mum ahmedabad tickets
as its a rough boring day so was juz chattng wd u
Will u tell upcoming movies
Any good place around for dinner
"tomorrow meeting with vishal 9th cbse at 2pm..	remind me at 1.30pm"
Any nearest HDFC ATM?
no to cancel
i want score not point table
remind every year
how many wickets has fall
ni no
i'll not give you details
I need restaurant in Delhi India
wat s the score of rohit
hindi me bat kijiye
i'm in lucknow,  gomti nagar
there is no update from your side
We need Karnataka Bank ATM
please confirm before 12 whether home delivery is available or not
hi, what are some great restaurants deals around me?{task}
Any SBI ATM
no... not now
Travell package of Europe
recent
sorry i'm not interested
not
khush
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for fri, 03 march at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 695202-695203-695204, user_id: 1980313, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
hey can you remind me to finish the ppt for body concept at 10 am in the morning on 5th feb 2017
remind me 5 days before that my haptik balance is gng to expire
may i know cashback is applicable for ola share rides also
Can you please check in my wife Priyam Daga on this flight
Nearest Motorola service centre
can you suggest if the of 75 cashback can be avail ed by me
thanks prince.
i am asking about bus
Could you please check whether train ticket reservation is available from kolhapur to Bangalore today at 14:05 ranichennamma express.
when is mumbai indians match
can i change location ?
ohk thx
thank you dude
sorry i need bus
when is ipl going to be finishing
update me for every match
best rate for flight from delhi to dibrugarh on 14 march
samstipur to rosera ka pasenger train ka tmie table batai
2127158340 pnr
Remind me when the time is 1.30pm
can you find cheese momos which deliver to my location
Yw
stop my reminder.
hi ....i need to know  for buses from chennai to krishnagiri
by wt time you will do web check
hey did it also provide information
Hi, can you help me find the Following flight tix
pls remind me to make a call
bating kon karta hai
creo
league matches
pls deactivate this
What are the travel package do you have???
when does india play next and against whom
excellent thanks
Can I get food from Meghana foods?
how much time you take?
can i have full score card
the nearest one
not reqd.
villa heights, brahmanwadi, begumpet
fair
pls cancel all wake up calls
no... also please mention my another number - 9503326735
and near central avenue?
chenni mel
banks nearby
are there any other reminders
who according to you will win this year s ipl
yup thanks . magsonns ll b grt
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 05:30 am { reminder_list: 631434, user_id: 1961281, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
finished
i wanted a cleaner for my house
nebosh training center in calicut?
show me ola rides available
3/19/2017
oo cool
i have heat ball in my back..due to body heat...what can i do
"		i want to know availability and fare in second sitting (2s) in train number 16203{product_id:16203_mas_tpty,api_name:trains_api}"
can check low far of air ticket
could you please reset all my alarms ?
is it possible for rcb to comeback
is 75 cashback still valid?
any other offers in telangana
yeah sure
palitana
abe
show in rajahmundry?
fo
date of travel is not decided
What are the ticket cancellation charges for air India?
Can u check for Ariel. And reliance.
thank you.. it's done
okhe. are u live person ?
book a train ticket
Where is the nearest cash deposit atm for canara bank ?
whats the position of srh as of now
whats your name
atm in cash this time
tell me the running status of jaipur delhi shatabdi
dont give updates via photo
if fare will be less than. 2000
in calangut
any chance will it get confirm
i want to book flight from nagpur to pune on 07 march
is there any other promo code where max cashback is 200
wake me up at 9am
Actually i want a state Bank of India atm
rating of train 02111
all out
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 698621, user_id: 1980860, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
when is aus vs india match
vhdjj
hello, could you remind me to take my medicines 💊 ?
Hey, can you find me the nearest reliance Jio store?
tomorrow is sunday i suppose
i don't know how did it worked last time
gud night..sd. tc...bbye😊
can you share pricing of the both
pubs
there is a cessna lifeline animal hospital
I want to know the nearest bank
wrong no
can you please tell me the trains running from delhi to mussoorie on 30th march night
and so
no any bookings
i need drink water reminder  via calls
around 3 pm
i don't have n account in uber
weight loss options
match ka score
check plz
if i upload my aadhar card i have bad picture in it. if malvika will see it she will reject me 😔
didn't get reminder after 45mins
my biller not listed
3/21/2017
ok dear, gud nit, tc swdms .. soo jao aapp b....
12 and 13 march
tell me 5 hollywood comedy series
what is mi team line up in _date_ s match
delhi vs kolkata
how to change my registered mobile number
The Oyo room has entry for unmarried couples?
Awesome! Please remind me every hour starting 10 am to 8pm
aare you came😁😁
to grind idli pappu
massage parlour
only one reminder is there as of now that is 2nd march 4:30 p.m. reminder so please cancel that to 1 ok
thanks!!
ok thanks i have received the msg
international tkt?
Need Train schedule for uchahar express my stop is Kanpur
where can i watch the highlights of that match
Plz schedule - Interview call on Saturday morning at mahalaxmi
set alarm
pls cancel this reminder
lol 2 stars
Dominos offers
who wons todays afternoon match
close this reminder
air india (ai-460)
suraj pe gravity hai kya
sleeper non ac
Any offers at domino's
for march 3rd morning 7am
hello naresh ji
i am interested in having biriyani
hi mam kab pahuchegi kld
to send a message to rakesh kumar
Excellent delivery home delivery
Std call rate 30 din ka
many be this week. inside the city only. i want one more confirmation. i suppose book for ola cabs. price will reduce or the same.
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 10:30 am { reminder_list: 607934, user_id: 1941763, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
tank's
lounge may be
2 child
dear you send link for one day
still _numeral_ overs
just use the id no
need to book cheap flight from ahmadabad to coimbatore
how much i havw to pay
book to new movies
Hey, can you reserve a table for me?{banner}
hi i have not got 75 cashback on any of above rides
this was for qualifiers
Magnificent seven  show timings
how to go vadaj in ahmedabad
wat u doi?
kuttram 23 (tamil movie
Hi, can you recommend me a good movie?{task}
commando today movie showd
What r trains form Chennai to vijayawada
hey i want to know that is uber available in my city
What are seat availability
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 684295, user_id: 1802390, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
hey can u tell me where can i get it done
then why i was not informed about it in advance?
Savitha, will please remind me on 2nd Nov 2016, I have train booking
who did win _date_
you are not remider me
not monday,  it's sunday 530 am
can you tell me which match _date_ is
hey i need to be reminded of sunday meeting at 11:00 am
Near bus stop
give me a call
can you please help me?
not cancel it would
not now thanks again
hi kartik
"task: yashwant ko call karna hai	date: march 4, 2017	time: 9.30 pm"
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 05:30 am { reminder_list: 700490, user_id: 1971303, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can you help to buy ipl tickets
mau
i want to cancel some of my reminders
train from bikaner to mumbai
please show me trains from hwh to dhn for sleeper (sl) on 10-03-2017.
i want to change the number to 9224322377
any offer for bill payment ??
grace palour ghumar mandi
stop reminders
Axis bank??
mext
topup recharge means and special recharge means
after noon
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 05:25 am { reminder_list: 703280, user_id: 1972988, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Can u chk if train tickets r available frm Bangalore to chennai
no tnx
cancel kar do isko
Train arraivel time
reshma.. ur reminder for water .. its awesome job yaar. i reduced 2 kg.. thanks a lot
there is cash back on this right ?
tablet everyday at 1.00 pm
no thx
I need yes bank atm
near vandaloor zoor, chennai
can u please help
Check in on 10th
Am looking for private cab service for 7 days. Journey will start from Amritsar - shimla-manali-chandigarh.
but it is showing transaction failed. payment status is settled
11 march and return 14 march
Find me a atm
is there any ipl match at dharamshala
lonaval holiday homes for 4th n 5th march
at tatkal tommorow ticket
hey aarav what s up uncle can i know the ipl score _date_
furnished 2bhk flat in powai
their is no cash in that
Could you check me the trains from Talcher to Nagpur on Saturday ?
i want some time to think
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 704083, user_id: 1981565, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Varanasi to Jammu tavi train 16 September ko
Best postpaid connection?
give my pnt
raipur
transport motor bike agents
kya hua
can u make a call to another numbers also
gl vs ml score please
thanks nako
mow
sure update me on ipl
gayle will play _date_
can u find me some massage centers nearby...
is there any offer for train booking
can you help me in organising my baby first birthday
hey i wanna eat nice pork ribs
please tell me bike rental near me
Hi can u tell me the trains from Tirunelveli to Chennai on October 16
thank youu
I wat know  bus ticket price. from. Pimpri. To Tuljapur
message for 20 rs didn't come into my wife's no 8242587162 vodaphone
atm near by uttan bhyender
laukhi
shilpa are you a bot or a human
available between
show me the flights
have a good day. take care. my archana.
raat ko jo match that uska mom kon tha
no it is late now.
good to hear
rinting star movie review commondo2
which is upcoming movie
who is captain of gujarat lions
i need to book gas
amdhabad airport
company is in mumbai
buss tiket
Yea can u verify if Chennai central is operational or the trains are being diverted elsewhere..
yes you proceed the cancellatio
Medicine
i want to book cab tomorrow morning  for 4.55 am from my house to airport
nope thank you
And good hotel deals on offer in Bali for single room for 2/3 days for tomo onwards
good day.. bye
bro i just wanna get estimate
How download the Kannada films in the mobile
thanx a lot
Runaway hotel
hii please translate in english
send me only mi s match schedule
hii...my friend has agreed to drop me to the airport....therefore right now i will not b needing a cab. thank you. tk cr
kings won
On Thursday I need to book tckt in tatkal
can i ask you one question?
trains booking any offet
top scorers in ipl _numeral_
15215train status
i will tell u with in an hour
okay keep updating
dont call me sharmila nit ll be better if you ll just msg me the scores regularly thats it
hi, i'm interested in watching kirik party. {movie_name:kirik party}{task}
Is rajdhani available tommorow for udupi to madgaon?
of airtel
general i want to include cockroach and lizards as well
wht is the status
Jhansi se Bhopal k liye 4/8/2016 trains h kya
Please stop my reminders for now. Thank you.
sahi h bhyi
any other deals
bar and restaurants
hello puneet
thanks for the info itz far from placd
no offer no recharge
thanks and also remind me to call lic office at 12 noon
Launching date
latest ipl news
jaipur to delhi prixe
Can u plz tell me reliance GSM prepaid 3g plans
6.50pm daily to go mandir till next 40 days
whatever
Icic atm service  near me
thnx bye
scoreboard of rcb of _date_ s match
i got the id
no thanx a lot
सर जी मैं बवाना इंडस्ट्रीज एरिया सेक्टर 2 से और सोनीपत टू शामली तक की कार बुक करना चाहता हूं उसके लिए मुझे कितना पैसा पे करना पड़ेगा
sleeper
i'll never pay any bill through haptik.. 😢
commando 2 reviews
Go to nagpur
wic match is _date_
any bike puncher man near by or phone number
yes awesome game virat was phenomenal
I would wan to book for sunday 9:20am show at PVR directors cut...this movie
just downloaded haptik
england batting line up
"yrr mera jo ticket cancel  hua tha 	uska abhi tak koi cashback nhi aaya hai"
how 1460
Find me a train from Madgaon to Udupi for today as early possible
what is pnr status of my booking?
k bye
what are you doing
hey can you search me a place
muje batao ki the ring movie konse theatre me lagi hai from mulund to sion
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 05:25 pm { reminder_list: 618341, user_id: 1957528, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Can u check for shatabdi in tatkal for today
no thank you what do you think less hope for mimbai rt
"no need of reminder. shruti!	i am a student doing graduation and i am having exams tomorrow.	so wish me luck and  focusing tips.☺"
Want a cab for site seeing Agra for full one day.want to start from radisson blue hotel,Greater noida.
hey about score
hiie bro
What is flight ticket Ahmadabad-tripura
what is the reason behind losing rcb ipl trophy
how can i remove my earlier reminders
find music classes near me
drinking water reminder
3 pm also
which ticket
Any agent phone no. To book train ticket?
ji haa
some veg food?
I want to know nearest Suzuki show room
what are the chances of winning
hey shruti
I need to get my smartphone repaired. Can u help out
can you please tell who won the toss
ind match
each team how many matches have to play in ipl _numeral_
i want to know icici lombard loacation in powai,hirananandani area
where is the nearest cdm?
wake me at 6:15  pm today
home work
had totally forgotten
Konanakunte to electronic city how much bus charge in bmtc bus
last match score card
can u let me know the rates for some good star hotels in kolkatta near science city
what the date of final match
☺️
hiii
2709495853
9th
excellent app
check in
the fares on ticket are 3920
team complete schedule
mohali ipl tickets ka kya price hai
is der any offers available on food panda
you give me some time
yes i need over updates only for india matches
close water reminder
Call On 9773009456
no, thanks for the help.
Where is nearby gym?
get my cashback
searching for it since long time .. water problem today 😣
wake me up in 8 hours from now
india pakistam match timing
discount on movie tickets
get me the address
love your team
do u have holiday package as well?
pls cancel
put cream reminder monday at 730 pm
what is ur reff to see
or discount
skore
please set one more wake up call today at 9:15
on sunday night at 9
haptik company anyone try the job
chicken
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 06:00 am { reminder_list: 316971, user_id: 1313786, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
issue fixed???
around 6 pm today
let me know when the second innings start
can you fetch food from tundey kabab
Pl send hotel daspall menu
ohh wow !!! thanks again
How far is banglor from goa
wrong ticket was mailed to me
you know me
movie is good or not
Some good cheesy white pasta suace place
and jfc menu too
"please show me one way flights from mumbai to patna 		onward date - 21 march"
please call hemant now on 9820033391
on paying post paid bills
and good haircut for girl
Cheapest flight to Berlin from Mumbai on 15 march 2017
ideal colony
i need uber cab
*nitish is my name ok take your time
can you send yday scorecard in between rcb n gl
सर पुना से लोनावाला  लास्ट लोकल कितने बजे है
got ready
Candle light dinner?
i did not receive any call.
Call me in 1 min
kolkata
2 people, check out 12th
wanna go to a pub
Can we carry alcohol in flight?
and deliy targeted 20 page creative editing
lg mobile service centre in kolkata
hi _date_ s match schedule
it s gon na rain in delhi here what about kolkatta
and who won the toss
i need helo
ent doc in bommanhalli
Can you check if the flight is landing in Mumbai on time
i am on lagpat metro station can you tell me what time to go to the guru dronacharya
can i get it delivered irrespective of the distance?
hi shruti ...how are you
i need state bank of india atm
_date_ s pich report
its too far
tatkal ticket ka kitna lagega
11.3
i no interest ipl only _numeral_ over match
at vashi
how much i have in my wallet
please update till the end
hey can i get ipl ticket details
shruti that's not a reminder
yes i d like to receive updates over-by-over please
If I want to book a flight through Haptik then how I will get my ticket
ahemdabad me gest house 24*7 kaha hai
when is sect 12a... in navi mumbai...
i wants to look at leading run scorer in ipl _numeral_
i want ticket
I want a cab from meerut to ghaziabad tomorrow
need address
thanks for the reminders :)
I want Andhra bank atm..
more cheaper maybe spicejet
_date_ ipl live match score
Turn all my alarms off
ha ji
any offer on electricity bill?
Can you remind me to call my friend Amarinder on 7th October?
i would like to know about payment receipt
Please remind me around 12 noon Tomorrow to  get a cheque picked
Biryani nights ?
can you like keep updating me the score
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 4 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 723844, user_id: 1963663, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can i get cashback on this
wellfare institute of science technology and management
Plenty call on7049014188
give schedule
thank you for your assistance
i want someone to clean my entire house
weather report calcutta eden gardan
rohini
did u have your snacks?
From yelhanaka to airport
really good job
Nearby ice cream parlour
punch
thanks atit
ojy
rcb won bro
Let's me know any ksrtc bus from palakkadu to tirur
Jammu mail Delhi to katra
leave till when
i pa will get the tickets by morning
i want momos
Sollunganallur axis bank
Status plzzz
photo of sarfaraz khan
there is no information about that on net?
did you cancel the ticket?
do we have any on going offers?
wat is charge
moll
cab from hebbal ring road bus stop to cmrit
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for fri, 03 march at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 691829-691830-691831-691832, user_id: 1979344, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
score status
I want connect wide paint zoom electric portable
good night. take care. my shruti/s.
ms dhoni will lift the world cup again
2 in the afternoon
first one is very close from my location
current status: can/mod
_date_ s match scorecard
Can you tell me weather these tickets will get confirm or I have to cancel these tickets
i think this movie has not put in bellary
Kindly delete all my schedules and reminders
send tkt to mail
I want it to be set between 6am to 10pm every 2 hours
no no jst i want to go for yesvantpure
who is that team
do i have any birthday reminders already set??
one more reminders plz
Planned to vishakapatnam train
eving 6
remaind me on june 18
"please show me return flights from srinagar to new delhi 		onward date - 29 april	return date - 21 may"
i want 4 wheeler speedometre repair shop
Canara bank ATM
I want to travel from habibjang to jabalpur can u find me seat avaliability
for mobile recharge?
ab de viliers statistics in this ipl
can you tell me where pune team is staying
i would like to cancel my to-do: have dinner for everyday at 08:30 pm { reminder_list: 658136, user_id: 1969817, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
sorry i didn't want any bookings of travel
but make sure not at night
my no 9036366600 i want to know weather 298 plan is still  available r not
pls suggest best play school in kingsway camp delhi -110009
bhai call karega na?
Can you find me the nearest Citibank ATM?
You will send me to train ticket was available
plz confirm on my above query
When will nagercoil experience reach Bangalore
hey can u please find a bus tckt for me
you know what i got more cheap flight than yours
can't u show me it's interior pic
how mny tickets available for tday
train 250 code is still there
which team looks more stronger in batting line up
do you have anu coupon code for postpaid bill payment
then
which is best movie
kota to kanpur
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 691280, user_id: 1878946, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can you please turn off my reminder of 10pm
kks
How will i get my ticket
New releases?
on every 5th day
who will bangladesh play in place of taskin
I want to stop this reminder
remind me at 4 30 pm today to take rent
pay bill
474 925 8078
What is the flight ticket rate from Pune to Jaipur on 26th Oct 16
i m too late to woke up
hdfc only pls
it is indeed till the sun is in full form
tushar only trailers i want cinemas
early
hi i am interested in watching ghazi in telugu language
i told clearly no need sunday
hey, can you find me the nearest atm?{task}
i want my past reminders
more
detail score card
give me jet airways flight
rating is low
playing _numeral_ ofrcb vs rpsg
near by any bike consulter
4.30 pm only today
my number 8570951460
ok khushbooji
Place the order for me
can you remove the reminder of task read from 9 to 11 for all saturday and sundays
how are you how are you
kisiko adhr crd ,pan crd ,passport ,driving licence bnana ho to mere se contact kro
what is minimum prize of pizza
Remind me at 11a.m to call tsvs
is it safe
miraj to mangalore
which bus will go from upsc to dayal singh collage
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 401506, user_id: 1728772, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
please send me tickets in the email
ok i will see it tomorrow
is there any cashback for me
can i book some ipl tickets for mumbai indian matches in mumbai
Ola cab voucher
09810 currant status started today
hi where can i listen ipl commentary on radio
sithic biriyani  shop
haaai
will u marry me
please start searching for ola micro
and happy lohri & happy bihu ☺
harsha i have a hotel booking
aage peeche wali dates dekh le bhai
i am looking near my place check my area details
gud
already shared this app with friends n family. we all got lot of benefits in dth recharge and other services.
give me scores and details
SBI bank
i want mineral water door delivery service
can you update me the score of india pakistan match
can i have its contact number
if there is any offers available
i am already awake
grt which team you r supportng
may i know the fare?
ok no need for concession ,only want to confirm age of passenger
44 2927 8212
hey can u plz. suggest me from where i can purchase refillable perfume bottle?
atm near by
need schedule
are there any offers on bms bookin
is there any discount
hey priyanka
high scorer in all years
can you find out if jio4g voice app is available on the apple store?
they are late
fix your issue
most runs in ipl _numeral_ list
lic premium collect center
squad of rcb
can i prepone my air ticket booked for march 5 to march 3?
is there any promo code
hi ankita i need to have one of my reminders to be modified
i have a general question
yes i want to pay elatricity bill but i don't know how
is there any availability on goa smprk k exp 12449 from vadodara to new delhi on 8th of march ?
please check for me ernakulam to kozhikode on march 8
whats the timing of _date_ match ind vs aus
remind me at 10 25 to play clash of clans tonight
ipl ticket booking
Which is d hindi movie released today
duffy fixity hard froth xbfhdhxjfjfjxjfj
how are you sagar?
whats todays ipl match
i need more items
Find me the nearest  restaurant
14673 running status
చెప్పరా బాబు....
who s got out
If i book more tickets..then will I get off on one ticket only or in all tickets each?
offer for postpaid
can't able to edit
hi i am travelling to dahanu, i need to know nearest cng pumps
_date_ kiska match tha and who won please upgrade
u getting or not
is it pizza there
tell me about logan
I need movue tickets
hello beb
when is the toss scheduled _date_
can at 7.40 pm
team kkr
"i asked about telugu movie	but you are telling about hindi movies 	what is this	shit	am not at all satisfied with this app	it's correct time to uninstall this app	worst service"
Find me train from Chandigarh to gorakhpur on 16 September
booked flight via paytm
eating point of any kind
help me  need to know berth availability for 22nd march
thanx
i would like to know charges from airport t3 to jama masjid
i want some information about duranto exp.
i prefer self transport this time. thank you.
my team is mumbai indians
w r u from?
Please update my pnr status
how much time will the train take from pandurna to arrive at bhopal
thanks wasim
thank u so much shruti ...
"		i would like to cancel my reminder to 'movie' for sat, 04 march at 09:28 pm { reminder_list: 710490, user_id: 1983397, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
train ticket for chennai
bhagyanagar express
drop point is bhubneshwar railway station book it @ a discounted price fast @8:45
one kg red velvet cake price ?
thanks n i drank.
coffee
and which players are batting
vilage
Package from kol to Hrisikesh, mussorie
Is food delivery available on my location?
reminders band kr
sir, medan i want to bus from adipur to junagadh on dt,4 03 2017 in morning time
do n t tell me the score
team menmers of delhi daredevils
knowledge institute
thanks to umang
Spicejet sj704
panipuri shop
sent
i am in kavuri hills
when is the next match of rcb
I want to go vapi
i want to ad reminder
i want to see my all reminders
i need bsnl office address in my area
apollo opposite jnc
is thailand visa on arrival?
Hi, pl remind me to pay amit Rs 12,800 on 29th September
Can I get bus for chennai from there
yonex badminton rackets genuine sports store
captain of each team
plz help
mumbai to jodhpur date 11/3/17
Hi help me for the Best veg restaurant in edapally ?
give me the latest point table
not now i will order later
Flight Bangalore delhi
mobile repair
thank you khushb, good morning
"please show me one way flights from chennai to bhubaneswar 		onward date - 19 march"
logan hollywood movie
stop drinking water reminder
"		i would like to cancel my to-do: open crownit app for fri, 03 march at 02:57 pm { reminder_list: 604651, user_id: 1699274, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
thanks . ordinary room price and also a upgrade room
Food?
thanks 🙂
yes, they did
ind vs aus player names
mumbai to jamnagar
sorry l don't want booking l have a confirmed ticket on 7th  from mumbai to hyderabad by spice jet want you to do web check in the details of my ticket is as follows
getting score leading in ipl match
sagar... i hope the cab would arrive..
maya
tell me the estimation
ya i want a home delivery
i want bank of india atm
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 707869, user_id: 1657078, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
How to reach mumbra by train from vasai?
hey whats wrong iam asking about score
can i get in touch with your customer support
say the live score
Gym near me
Kodungallur running movies& its show time details
ji nhi n thank you
3 rd sept .. 10.15pm... sony...cid .. remind me to watch it
from which site can i buy online tickets for kkr vs srh on _date_ may at eden gardens
whats latest score
paytem se jo order kiye the mobile black cover aya white return karen ke liye kya karna hoga
I want to order 2 plates of rajma chawal
Bro where can I get Pav Bhaji at this time?
My near by any eye specialist doctor
when matchs will over
then there is no benefit of booking with you
2/3/2107
i want resorts from bangalore within 200 kms.. per head should be around 1.8k
hi, i want some help with train travel {travel_train}{sts}{task}
Where can I check list of reminders
who plays in qualifier _numeral_
remind me on 9th ..i need to attend my friend home ceremony function..
call aakash
thank u dear
Need information on a resort named dinu chirags resort in gorai
i want tatkal quota
any offer on electricity bill:
STD & LOCAL ka plan batao call rate jisme bht kam ho
why virat kohli famous these days
i need outstation
hi is movie there in priya cinema?
no i canceled it,i had already booked a cab
yeah.. alright.. thank you
Name me some .. best mindfuck movies in english
can you wake me up tmrw at 9 am?
offers on pizza hut?
after 3 min
☺️🙂
Also a reminder of watching vogue BFF at 8:45
hi can you call me.
are you interested in cricket
idiot
show scorecard
which app should i download
stop this wake up calls
can you please tell the team members playing _date_
cancel the order
thanks and same to you
i already told
i need to install gyser
offer only
twice it got rejected
great. thanks a lot. have a nice day
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 512724, user_id: 1923640, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
status
urgnt
hi i can help you
no need ty
cost and everything
can i know _date_ match
thank you bro
thank you and when is our next match and with whom
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 15960{product_id:15960_mxn_ghy,api_name:trains_api}"
show times
delhi s next match
i have to use internet for reminders??
any offer/coupon for logan movie?
could you please remind me of watering plants??
can you get me ticket rates for ipl matches eden gardens kolkata
velachery
jan
how much is 8 glass of water?
where is it
rajouri garden
sir i've make payment to idea secular through you .. that payment is not revived to idea.. and not refund to me .. now what to do with this..
4g low rate
payee name matlap kya hota ha
can u show me past to do liat
"this is your latest tkt :	dear ms. rudrabhatla: you are confirmed on flight sg 467 dated 07-mar-17 departing at 1:05 pm from mumbai to hyderabad. your pnr is e9bivw. to choose from an expanded menu and to get discounted rates, please pre-book your meal through ""manage my booking"" at https://goo.gl/l7poya."
i need someone to fix mosquito mesh on windows.
I have to make reminder daily
Can you call twice ? when i will not received first call...
I want to stop receiving this reminder
delhi to moradabad
Hi can u plz help me to find a dance class near by ramdev hotel belgaum or near shivbasav nagar belgaum
is the recharge done?
kkr match in eden date
then f off
set a 6am reminder
can u book a bus
None of these serve Italian cuisine. Haha
kids shop
just want to know if the strike is still on in bangalore
what is the entrance fee for bangalore palace
tambaram
thnkx dear... fr gvng m reminder
d match goin on now
can u tell me how to credit my wallet amt to my bank account
hey can you reserve a table for me at air cube jubilee hills hyderabad  for 5people
you know me
vasudev doesn't deliver to my address. any other option ?
When is dodmane huduga release
this sms is free na?
Is there any buses for travelling today?
Is it in inorbit mall
its my landline number
where will i get cash back
Only one ticket
yes i called go air
gujrat wins
j b nagar andheri east
is there any connecting flight
hi i want _numeral_ may pune mumbai tiket
Tmrw mrng 6: 30
i don't know - how to use
I want to stop all the reminders.
Superfast railkeliye senior citizen ko tatkal ticket me liye 2or3tirer ac concession available she kay
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 704217, user_id: 1981615, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
22884 train running status
for caring me
awesome match _date_
Send me the nearest sony care centers
Dharamshala
payment method is cash???
from 6 onwards
havmore
have you got the payment
but wake me up today for sure !! thank you
i am feeling boring
kk
money
where is the finale match
yes ofcourse...
Yes, need of web check & Aisle seat... Side one
Hotels in gantok from 18th-22nd oct
stop wake up call service
can i recharge on my jio cell number is it working with haptik
please give me codes na
tumihare guthinu ke niche ana chahta hu
i'm asking about your app system
just i want to see the facilities what are provided from u..
12/30/1899
can i help me find stay at home maids
bro when are the finals
Any contacts for pest control services for home?
no sir just send me score in regular intervals
thanx my dear
Change it
_date_ kon sa tim khele ga
who t _numeral_ match is _date_
Book at pvr nanded evening show after 5pm
I won't  check my postpaid  bill
Can you plan a 6 day trip to Andamans?
Hey, can you share the reviews for a movie? Thodari
update me over to over
any cashback on booking tickets thru haptik ??
I want a reminder
i wanted a place guitar classes
jaipur
hey can plz find bank of india bank in panvel?
Give me more details after 6pm for gsrtc bus from anand to Ahmedabad
koyana from dadar at 10-03-17
can u plz help me to know whether i can send flawers and cake to dhanbad
sent me the exact location
total score of virat in this ipl
will you please keep me updating every _numeral_ mins
please guide me to the nearest byju centre
_date_ woes gon na play match
is thr any discount coupan for raliway booking ??
tamil movies nearby me??
pls reschedule it.
hey you told tht _date_ is rcb n mi you wer wrong
hi paddu ..
Suggest fastest and chepest way from jodhpur to guwahati
is this de updated one
plzz water reminder
hi meenakshi..😊
yes.
can i have details about nearby footwear shop?
spa
Hw to reach vellamknni by train
heloo sir
offer is applicable?
india under pressure dude
odisha cuttack
can you show me the rcb points table
libaray in bad complex banashankari 2nd stage
Seat available in19223 on 12/09/16 from jodhpur to bhatinda class SL.
any train allahabad to mathura
any offers on food delivery
where from you?
howrah to yeshwanthpur train timings on 8th march
let me know pending schedule s
i m in bhubaneshwar _date_ where is the best place to watch the match
please cancel my reservation
sem _numeral_
hello please stop reminder
Is there barbique restaurant near
indianvsaustralia
22511
is there any chance of kkr to qualify for the playoffs
story of ghazi attack
i am in savada
yes if you are saying then nwz will win
Hi...can u please tell the procedure to book hotel at vaishno devi
No I want u to check availability for 2nd and 3rd ac in this train
thank you hasan
do you think rcb is gona qualify as final four
other than authorized dealer can you help in find out any local service centre for servicing my pressure cooker
need to recharge metro card
mam now ipl point table
can you give me a reminder for the final match
places near ghatkopar railway station to see ?
new home
no make me remind for exercise by 6.45pm
noo! thanks
hi i want go manali for 7 days..from surat how i can go
kya he
Closest Citibank ATM please
Theatre nearby my place
I m asking for AC 3 tier tickets
I want to travel to banglore rai technolagy
train booking pune to hyderabad
hi yes...he is at my place
That's fine, i m asking for dinner buffet, how much it cost
which are already setup
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 4 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 692287, user_id: 1979487, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
sbt atm
any offers to pay bills
former team mates against each other
wake up me at 7
want to watch la la land
hey tell me abd s score also
bookmyshow offer for logan
can you tell me ladies beauty parlour in green glen layout?
12/30/1899
want to book movie
what is the term and condition
_date_ matches schedule
i have placed an order in bell peppers can you tell how much more time it will take
Puna to surat all train
no i think there's some extra fees to be paid every month to keep continuing the jio welcome offer
gu
what s for _date_ match
pls specify the cancellation charge..
Places to visit in western mumvai
activate dnd
i want near by honda showroom
please book micro
will you call me?
so...thanks
सर बहोत टाय कर चुका पर नही हो पा रहा है
i need any yoga trainer or any yoga classes
hey,can u find chemists near by.?
Recharge my broadband plan
please can you tell me about the players of rcb ipl
lenovo
if u possible
plz set a reminder cal at 8.o clock
email id please ?
ipl _numeral_ chat
Can u tell me fare of shtabdi train from ambala to amritsar
pay electric bill
you have to also
i m interested in delhi vs kkr match not listed in list above
Can u give me the best deal in hotel in coorg.  Check in 8th October checkout 9th
won't you sleep?
No no 3 veg thali
Through bus
u have sent me a msg saying banks r closed
kohli is still playing
_date_ kisska match hai
the team combinations were wrong which mohitkalyani send me i greatly dislike it
did a wicket fall just know
any tow wheeler water services near to me
jio store
at 12:10am of 06/03/17 remind me to book a train ticket
what is the sale here of?
view reminders
Plz check the seat availability for Dhule to CST Mumbai
Can you get me the fare details of spicejet flight from Cochin to Male, Maldives
How much is the ticket
ji dhanyavad
Hey can you please share recipe for making coffee
tq khushboooooo :-)
35burger king mein kon konse type ki icecream hai
my alarams
who won the match of rc and kkr
i want to book uber on 5th february. 8 am
want ticket of train
i don't want reservation
how do i stop the reminders?
well i have to say haptik is the best app i've ever used
set another reminder {type: medicine}
reviews of kittu unnadu
can u suggest one good telugu movie
Near by theatre
show all reminders
finished
hume ye sab nahi bolnatha ! aap kaha hum kaha ! galati ho gayi hume maaf kardena
i need a cab from jaipur airport to bustand
whos match is there _date_
hey good morning
i need assistance
ghuwati to delhi flight
back to credit card ?
oky
Some Hollywood movies which is based on science and technology
yaa sure
Tell me thali serving good restaurant in dwarka gujrat
to dharamshala
Wake me up at 9 in the morning
i want it even if im offline
Kindly send me the departure and arrival time of jet airways flight no 9w 373 for the next 12 days
no thanks i was showing about haptik to my friends
Can u suggest best top up plans for bsnl chhattisgarh
sorry, by mistake i tap
Planning to go to Bangalore to attend event on 4,5 nov
Hey can u check my flights on time
Is there any restro in chhindwara
why proper remind is not coming
blood bank
any cheaper
can you book ticket?
hey can u help me out with a 1day trip to agra from delhi on nxt satrday
to fix my door
who are the top _numeral_ contender of orange cap
axis bank atm
Hai I want to go morbi in Gujarat from madurai after Diwali which is the low price and I need a low traveling hours also
what mentioned
i will check this in the morning. the appointment should be done 2 hours prior right
thanks anyways
find pet shop near me
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 720235, user_id: 1985154, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
who is the first finalists
actually i am at my uncles place .... away from pune
hey what does the orange cap table look like
cancel it for now
how much time go there by bus
how mush run did kholi score
stop all my remainders
i'm searching a good gym centre near my location
noo mumbai matches recently
Can u check flight tickets for Kolkata from Goa on 24th Dec
Dint receive NY call frm urban clap regarding d service f my refrigerator I buked via u
from where can i order food now
pick up was done on time
let me see
please reschedule the meeting
who will win tomorrows match
From kurla station which bus goes to santacruz kalina university ???
for dominos pizza offer???
any gift center near to me
gm...
meenakshi can u tell me.
can you send srh match schedule
prepaid descount offer??
hi sagat
Where is sbi ?
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 12633{product_id:12633_ms_ncj,api_name:trains_api}"
then what s the match on _date_
restaurants around begumpet
hie
mai delhi se mumbai jana chata hu 9 march ko
how many matches are left for rising pune super giants
do u hv any offer?
wake me
remind me for my train cancelation on 9march
tell me the nearest coaching centre for commerce
"please show me return flights from hyderabad to kolkata 		onward date - 30 march	return date - 03 april"
Find about an absolute barbecue
10to12
I want to tatkal
"would you help me find a dentist??  	i'm in kolkata,  parnashree  palli"
visa needed
Hi, I'm visiting chennai on September 27th. Will be there for a week. Planning to cover Chennai, Mahabalipuram, Kanchipuram, Pondicherry in the tour. Would you recommend any tour package for the same ? Need a good travel agency for the same.
can these be sent on email?
sir aap bta sakte ki indian bank ka atm  bhosari me kaha h
i have done is as of now. if so i will let you know
but i want bank of india atm
What are flight tickets from KOLKATA to GUWAHTI
who played _date_ in srh
is ₹11748 total fair including taxes and insurance?
lemme try
kuch hlp kr skta ho
malleshwaram
where i would get craft stationery
from haji saheb
i am not getting it
hyderabad-indore no train
it's not working
please tell me eden gardens pitch report
can you tell which is last price in april
privacy invoice print forpayment
i want to point list of ipl
godrej showroom
i want to cancel my ticket
Trains from ajmer to ahemadabad
currently score
Want to recharge aircel 3g can you please tell me bout the plans
nope good night
want to book the ticket in chennai area.
Order on small size tripple tango pizza
thanks😉
tell me the price of mi vs rcb grand stand
which teams have qualified for quaterfinals
04805 current raning stats date of 3 march 17
Any offer on subway
keep updating scores after every _numeral_ overs
will you give reminders during night time also
i want to book mumbai to kochi on 20th march
i wnt train btween jalandhar city to agra cantt on 4 march 2017
cancel my flight booking
give me _numeral_ tkts
Any operator offering unlimited 3G plans?
What is travel time  between kolkata and Pune by train ??
Seat no. And coach no.
can you update me current status of match in every hour
I can't change my mobile number. Please give me a wake up call on  919057723981.
i have some money in my wallet and after update the version my money is not there
actually i don't want now
hey can you share tge menu card of smoke and jones in c21 mall
i need to buy medicines
okk thanks
Need an electrician
can i get phone number of raichur motorola service centre raichur
waiting
bhattapara to delhi
carpenter himself canceled booking
thank you meenakshi.. i got my refund amount
what would be the expected price for 9 people?
actually tomorrow is the release date of logan..so i just want to know the details regarding this
what about _date_ s point for gujrat lions
i want to see u
mujhe ipl ki ticket leni h
yes bt _date_ ik news ayi okay abb west indies ki jga india ka mach hoga
hey, i want to book a flight ticket. {task} 
hi shrey
Police station
hi prashant hear i want cab from babatpur airport to varanasi cantt railway station
running status for annanya express
pay postpaid bill
is there ticket available for logan at crown theater calicut
any cashback ???
ent in hongasandra
any offer available for logan
can u help me out
want flight rates from chennai international airport  to acukland
naaa
reply yaarr
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 45 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 692910, user_id: 1978811, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
9509213461 reliance data best offer
mumbai ko qualify karne ke liye kitne points chahiye
Please cancel appointment with carpenter today
i have booked through my irctc login
i am not getting any updates
hey show me current points table
thank-you shruti for the reminder, good night
Bengali film Zulfikar or Hindi film Bahubali 2 kab release karega
can you help me or do i want me to book myself
toss ho gaya
Want to order pan pizza from domino's with discount
can you help me with it ?
at celebration mall udaipur
movies in mysore
when the match will get start and where it is happening
please cancel this task
find me good engineering colleges of india
any another movie?
where is my offer
rac r cnfrm seat. ?
symbol of hedrabad team
Dry fruit shop in Ghatkopar east
please cancel wake-up reminders
Pick up n drop service trough cab
hey any coupons on this movie,?
i want in shoprix
final match srh score board
is there any bom atm?
sounds strange
Need a local cable operator
waiting for ur call
s der any bus fr sagar
akhilesh akki going to movie
it is older points table
i wnna know about teams in todays semi final
i would like to add a remainder
do u know hinglish
any movies for kids
mt bhejna ab
why to inox at nariman point
mam wats the score
can i get tickets for semi final in wankhede
who will will this match
i want to remove this reminder
Hi, can you please find for me the nearest Lenovo laptop service center....
departure is from haridwar
punjab
Can you pls find me one night in Amsterdam on 17th sept - place to stay and then find cheapest way to get to Berlin from Amsterdam on 19th morning - may be overnight bus or something from Amsterdam to Berlin
but this is not valid fro nee
is it a system or human?
"		i would like to cancel my call hkgg reminder for thu, 30 march at 06:39 pm { reminder_list: 682788, user_id: 1689770, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Taxi booking
stop this water reminder
i also need a wake up cal today at 3.45 and at 4.00 am today
aaj ki train ahemdabad to amalner  dikhav na
i ask for coupon code
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 585357, user_id: 1641934, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 664303, user_id: 1971315, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
tell me at 6.23 pm to call saurabh jiju
Any cheap flight for Ahmedabad to Varanasi for the month of February
axis bank atm
i want to know that which trains r available  from solapur after 6 pm to pune
trains from udaipur to leh..?
thanks nalini
highest run scorers in ipl
Alarm for morning
are there any recharge offers?
i have journey on 4th march can u remberer me on that day
Find me the nearest allahabad atm
Can you set this reminder for next 30 days
as a good frnd.
i am planning to book by bus
Could u please  book two ticket for me
tel me fast
than txt me otherwise not
what ???
yea..  can i get earthern pots kadai nearby
in cricket
near t k layout, mysuru
apko kya lgta hai koun final me jitega
goa
just want update on _date_ s match
mahabaleshwar package 2nights for couple
stop all the notifacition
is it streaming  in orien mall
gps is on
date of journey 8 march
can u tell me the no of shirt/ trouser in one kg?
i will get back later
kaabil today
can show me flight rate less than 4000
☺️☺️👍
i do not need ipl table just empty one where i can make entry will do
goodmorning
sexual doctor hai
u r always welcome
docomo loan balance  no
i want hdfc bank
update vth over also please
new delhi
docomo ka abhi call rate kya chalu hai kaise dekhe
sure... till then keep listening my songs... nd support too
ajay bday....ok...
thank you a virtual treat to all indian fans congrats to team india
this is really stupid
tell me
saturday
2 in the afternoon
hey can you compare logan movie ticket price for saturday  night and sunday morning
Looking for good veg restaurants in egmore near railway station
of every month on 8
resturant
kr do
i have
iz rohit played well
chetak express jo renwal railway station pe nit me 12 ke baad aayegi ushme general coach kaha kaha hoga ?
can i use coupon code for my electricity bill
no ride now
time to bleed blue
"you could stop the reminder for drinking water. it has come into my habit of drinking in regular intervals. 	and you may stop the medicine reminder as well."
thanks for your kind co-operation
why is india lower tha pakistan
nop.will let you know if needed
make it 20pct
Best dish tv plans.
any discount coupon from your side
whi do you think will win
can u plz gimme the no.of the clinic kolkata
Post 91 hotel
every hours i m drinking
Can you find bus options for me on 28 September from delhi isbt to roorkee
cinepolis
jaipur  s
please stadium imese send
hey pooja how are you?
bey
these numbers are not working
Meizu services center near by
3rd cross byrsandra
Can u plss remove my reminder?
stop all my tasks
Sony service center?
extremely overpriced.
"do u guys haven't received receipt even after 55 hours 			hats off"
suratkal to anand
madichin to
did malinga play todays match
i have to add money in wallet??
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 728051, user_id: 1986964, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
till what time is the arrow store in phoenix mall in lower parel open?
can search any hotel which is within 1000
please web chekin
update me with the live score
web check-in
thank you puneet i am back at home you can cancel this loop of score
u suggest me a good marathi movie latest release
Please activate DND on my number
Bahrain to Kolkata flight in cheap rate
did airasia allow, to carry portable charger
Looking for a veg
specialised is pregnancy related
Rajdhani
i would like to know the schedule
loved the match d
Do you have any fiscount vouchers for dominos?
m not looking for a normal medical store
4732 price
want to know any pizza hut in karunagapally
nearest men's parlour
I need a driver for my car for a day
who s team will win
😏😐
yes nfor every _numeral_ ball of score nupdate score
Which theater
no in ipl _numeral_
t&c of offer
wasted my money and my time
aarav so might be who will win
black  person meet vip
do u have seats available
Food offer in food panda
Which theatres
Remind me to remind Dhruv to call Amit jain accenture on Saturday at 11 am
and the location too.. if you dont mind
hey akshay
Train from ahmedabad to jaipur on 18 november
i must say this time rcb has good chance to win the cup
I wish to activate dnd on 9567486160
ok{task}
would like to cancel bday remember
Needed details about accommodation in bandipur
to pune
who re u
none of them
New ticket booking
hi{task}
my friend book today 9 45 pm i need take
hey, can you set a wake up alarm for me?{task}
is it open at this time?
i will
please send me link
not now..thank you for the booking..pooja
driving school
how much on this?
please check to the concerned electrician
up*
Train status
U jus call me 2 time that is ON 5:05 nd 5:15
stop sending me the good morning reminders
can i get some hotel near goa beach on 11th
Find me trains from LDH to ASR
but u ve have to give a coupon to a new user
who took most no of wickets for punjab
reminder call for syndicate bank at 12 noon today{task}
Bsnl telephone exchange bopal number
and book
no, i will wait till then
_date_ mumbai rcb score card please
can i ask you something else?
hi samiksha....
looks like gugrat lions will win this time
vile parle east, mumbai
paper
i said, you guys dint remind me to drink water at 2pm today..
hai gud morning
I need to travel baroda from ahemdabad
no pnr number
okay tell me
movie before 2 p.m
same i was about to ask!
priiyanka
i need to buy german shepherd. where can i get it??
didn't received recharge ?
state bank of india
Bus from Haridwar to Haldwani?
Hi I need to recharge my Airtel mobile with the Rs 459 3GB pack!
Mumbai to nagpur flights for tomorrow and tickets available and fair
at 5 30am
hi archana
Can u tell me 3 g plan for month
wat about kolkata and rcb
show cheapest
47/1,ukkadam,town hall,coimbatore,tamilnadu 641001,india
who was the man of the match in _date_ s game
other options near by
Hi.. can u pls give me rates for flights from Delhi to Mumbai.. on 7th Dec night and 8th dec Morning.
delhi to mumbai date 5th march one way cheapest ticket
kaya aap ticket katke mujhe mail kr sakte he?
hey, can you find me the nearest bus stop?{task}
i am just checking the app
no..cancel
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 689592, user_id: 1978764, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
This is a call to remind me to book my bus tickets
yes please veg food only
thank you for reminding me all this days
hi shruti, i wanna grab a drink
please i want to play in ipl
pranay
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sun, 05 march at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 711253-711254-711255-711256-711257-711258-711259-711260-711261-711262-711263-711264-711265-711266-711267-711268-711269-711270-711271-711272-711273, user_id: 1983528, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
how add my business
hi, i have a meeting coming up, can you remind me?{task}
thnku shruti
yes i want reminders
gud morning
what players from dd are not playing _date_
no cash
p.n.b atm khi kho gya hai
2 nos
next match for pune
i am asking about kkr vs rps match bro
kindly remind me _date_
airtel store
check now
i have send u the id proof
other options
can you stop the reminder set for drinking water
nahi boss, 3 march ko cab book ki oder di thi. use cancel kardo
probable winner did season
when i want ..
yes you can remind me in this space only no problem
I dont want calls at 3pm
remind me to wake up at 8 pm
spice jet
Near by Axis bank
do we cab ssrvice at terminal t3 arrival
Cheap and best lounge in cannaught place
i need a india overseas bank cash deposit machine in madurai
Hey...I need to book a train ticket.
shit man we lost
Off all reminders
if u have sent some time ago when i have asked for it
was chris gayle out
what's the daily withdrawal limit at bank?
24 hrs are serving
yes yes
Want to know whether I can get KFC chicken delivered at my home address
which one is small piece of chicken
toronto
any good non veg hotels nearby
yakkai
Put a reminder
pl help
didn't get the 15% coupan
can u provode me train?
virat kholi is good player or not
okey thank u harsh
"		i would like to cancel my `wish bhuvi happy birthday!` reminder for mon, 06 march at 04:59 am { reminder_list: 683263, user_id: 1976377, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
night match
i am not finding the table
will you assist
Stock battery
team detail
online shiv ganga me show nii kar raha hai
Pls share the menu
not hebbuli
Will u please give me the current running status of 22461 train no
please stop reminding me about drinking water
in pune
Above sent pictures of train timing ..iz dat available ac sleeper
wake me up at 7.50
plss
find this noida address
haptick
twice i tried
badri ki dulhania timings ?
and hence i m eligible for 75 cashback
offer for bill payment
thanks 😀
actually i am asking where should i go?
hi i want a cleaner for one room
show me flights for 31st mar.{703423}
schedule fr ipl
😊
actually i want to know rangoon's box office collections till date.
how many centuries did kohli hit so far in this year s ipl
i want my money back
Hai Reshma help me to find bank of baroda near by my location
Departure City: Muscat
need train tickets
aje kone match _numeral_
can you tell me punjab score
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 04:00 pm { reminder_list: 705704, user_id: 1189281, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 11:29 pm { reminder_list: 620143, user_id: 1956138, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Hey we r planning for a trip to bangalore can u suggest some good places around it
whose opponents _date_ match
thank you so much haptic for your reminders and keeping me up dated. can you plz give me a wake up call today at 8:30 am?
Reminder call at 7.15 am
thanks khushboo
Hi, I'm looking for sightseeing and activities for singapore
4229361826
so can you feed me with live scores and comentary when the match is brodcasted on tv
updated _date_
i want ipl schedule
call rechu
no near to kompally or alval
Yes looking for bus tkt
best treatment for breast cancer in rajasthan
sure, thanks
I have a question, If I travel to Thailand and get a visa on arrival, then the issuing country will be Thailand itself right? And can u confirm this with airasia people?
ipl match tickets bangalore
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 08:00 pm { reminder_list: 718422, user_id: 1731727, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Please tell me the running status of train no.22858
hi.... can you guys assist me to recharge my prepaid sim....
today 6 am
thnk u soo much..
this is my first time of trying it so i will first try it and then spread it
dates still nt confirmed
please share live match score
can you provide the news of ipl match _date_ ipl match between rcb gl _time_
hello glori
I have once again received the text message reminder
make it 3.15
i want to book two tickets of port blair on 1 july 2017
its a blank message
Indigo (6E  - 473
thanks for the info
close reminder
player high schore
thanks........
any tickets available on _date_ may in chinnaswamy stadium
okay who is playing
where are you from
remind me to visit smiggles in singapore on march 22, 2017 at 6pm
please keep me update after every over
hi good morning
Go to indigo.in
yeah..
i need food urgently
u too!
proceed harsh
tell me fast bro plzz
brother.. can you please find out when is food getting delivered, ams tell me asap?
ty bro
han mach hee chl raha hai
plz give me a new coupon
ragulila
movie
plz check this parcel
h r u
is there any direct flight to ahmedabad ?
can i book the flight ticket ?
tell me the releasing date of firangi
https://youtu.be/6lrnwaez9lm
any mobile recharge offers?
If seats are confirmed means inform me
rcb innings
show me the team table
home delivery of food
would u sav my notes to remembered in future
i want computer repair engineer
Where is Canara bank in padivattam?
who won india vs sri lanka
"		i would like to cancel my `wish kinjal happy birthday!` reminder for sun, 05 march at 12:02 am { reminder_list: 712803, user_id: 1590185, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i have doubt like if i made any remainder..how u guys report to me any kind of notification r i have  to open app n then i have to c
but i want westindies to win
the match must have been started
send me link again...now
I was looking for a hotel just right now near to Mumbai airport
plz be fast
installation of lcd on wall
I want indian bank atm near mgm hosptal
Hello renuka
show hotels near forum mall koramangala
how to avail this offer
how much time it will take
how long will it take?
in my ticket name is coming as via via
mount road
Hotel gopi is providing AC rooms?? R non AC
however i would like to complaint about the same
so what you guys think can ms and his team win this match from here
Can you tell me nearest HP service center
arre you are a cricket expert you know better than me i want to know what do you think on that
not remind me
poin table
im looking to order online smethng in nonveg
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 10:30 am { reminder_list: 690293, user_id: 1978729, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can you give me contact number
yes please call and remind
it will be better
who is the player of the match
Flight details for tomorrow Jaipur to Mumbai in afternoon to night
ths is not fair
i need to pay postpaid bill
where i will get coupon code
and that card is working elsewhere like paytm and all; i just tried it right now
dont want to book
i want to book tickets for 4 passengers in train number 16231 {amount:2015,train_no:16231,api_name:trains_api}
i wnat latest plan which is going to start  from 1s t april
Please remind me to call BHAI MOHAMMED every alternate day at 10pm
Any bus tickets from Delhi to Chandigarh on 21 morning 11 ?
chicken blast
Charging reminder
2228264600
"		i would like to cancel my to-do: na for everyday at 12:51 pm { reminder_list: 691923, user_id: 1206027, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
no cash back on second ride?
india won fyi
hey, can you find me the nearest atm?{task}
near dreams mall
stop clling me
Reminder for data pack recharge on 1st of September
ap mujhe bajaj finace ki no cost emi wala mobile suggest kar sakte hai
thank you. my khushboo.
thank you divya for the regular updates
you set up alarm today at around 4 am.. can you change that to 6 30 am?
no it's ok
hotels near by me
hey can u help me with bar and restraunt near goregaon east
lake mall
what is the standing of delhi daredevils in points table of ipl _numeral_
can i order alcohol
on 1/2 nd april
i want to you to remind me that i need to get my debit card from my brother
nearby bar
full cab only
above texts are sent by my friends
again rising pune lost the match oh god
for 2
kaha maa chuda rha ha apni
name of captains of all teams those are participating in icc world t _numeral_
Cn u plz plan a small weekend trip for nxt weekend...
courier
please check if 2nd option you given is open or not
y such bad questions
my pleasure
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 10:00 am { reminder_list: 637853, user_id: 1961865, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
who will bare delay cause n arrears for bill amount
live update please
march fourth week
Train tickets from Delhi to patna
what is progress of kings _numeral_ punjab
do u want to reply
toh apne ghr mangva lo paise mai dunga pkka
i know but how
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 265226, user_id: 1063592, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
score card pl
if i cancel the ticket then??
Cabs offers
can u cancel my ticket
_date_ ipl match score
kolkata match
winner prediction in ipl
which would be the best movie to watch
vipul...no alarms r sent for reminders... do i hv to see messages each time?
"date: march 3, 2017	time: 3 41 pm"
Which bus goes to college Street from hire ?
yes,i would like to know
share and earn thing on haptik
okay i want the updates ball to ball
he is not come
my friend
Call to Sridar after two days
Wake me up 7 hrs frm nw
for home delivery
bmtc just changed me 91 rupees
Can u plz check the most economical fair to goa from chennai via air
bike service on thursday
can't
can you look up for a fare
Can u find me the nearest swimming pool
hi, i have a query
Indigo morning
which movie is released yesterday
remind me at _time_ for first match
I want Chennai to kerala tour packages budget 6k per head
i want micromax care center tnear my location
emergency call till i lift
i can cancel my ride
with this application, you can transfer money?
it s been half an hour sir
can i pay from haptik wallet?
any offer on 2 ticket
to koi offer chalu kro
change time to 9:00am
Can you tell famous restaurants for non veg
Didnt get a wake up call?
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 690311, user_id: 951576, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want to know the cancellation charges of flight booked with you. sending you the ticket
what r the rates for tickets
for 4 person
which have money also
hey there who you think will win
Can I get the 3G plans for airtel??
need cab
i watched the whole match
hey good morning
check near paras yamaha
What will be cost of 3day 4 night tour in coorg Karnataka from pune for couple in next month or this month
search party place for me in delhi in the eve plz
i want to cancel a ticket and buy the same ticket for 3 ac
nops
haar gyi india
1 is panner & onion mixed ?
Hi can u find decent Chaat shop nearby
kindly cancel wake up alarm from today onwards
ok then
No no I'm not interested to watch this movie
is there any match of mumbai indians in jaipur
but no any message in my tv
wish you the same :) yes, i am doing well... hope you are too...
ernkulam to kozhikode on wednesday  8 march
Palakkad Coimbatore trains
i wang a carpenter
sorry boss
i can do it again
movie at nandan
I have not received the refund for my return. Pz see chat of 4 th sept
how far is this from gopal nagar najafgarh!
thanx a lot team
set one reminder for me
yup thank you
can i directly order a dish instead of searching for menu?
please send me some coupon code with offer
no, thank you rajendra
no mam i already recharged rs 35 but both wallet bal deducted for 1 recharge
every 1 hr
remind me 9:30 to catch flight
i will watch live match
hi kushboob
i want to change my uber login account first
score live batao
i am looking for a paying guest in churchgate side
Can u look for deals in pune 5 star hotels on 1st oct
send pune team too
which all match going to be held _date_
plz , help me out.
i want to update reminder time of todo
need nanes of pediatric ophthalmologist available in kphb
hey i told u to remind me one thing
Need to book a flight ticket from Goa to Mumbai on 23rd September
yup sure
no for mobile bill payment
tmb atm
pushpak
i m asking for gujrat lions score
is there cashback available for cash
Asus service centre for mobile not the
"bhaji 100 definitely	shimla mitch	flower	gajar"
do i have any offers for dth recharge
1st april on words ahmedabad to torrento ticket
okay..
thanks !
"departure city: bengaluru	arrival city: guwahati	departure date: april 13 2017	return date: may 3, 2017	number of adults: 1	timing early morning sections flights	please tell me the fare don't book. ...."
and logan
Any min delivery / order
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 695513, user_id: 1975223, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
whose is predicted to win todays match
thanks bye
thank you can you give some regular score update
radisson blu hotel
you did not even respond. this is bad
it's nanakramguda,hydrabad
Hey I need nearest pizza hut menu
Near by metro station
yes sure
discount coupon?
kya aap bata sakte hai ki sdc office kaha padega pincode 841226
can u find me the airtel store in marine lines
on which site?
kal match m kon jeeta
11th check in
How to check last balance deductions in aircel sim
call me
I'd like to order from Zafran
well so far excellent ..
have you initiated
do you have any offer for recharge
Hello! I need information regarding bus that goes from Anand Vihar ISBT Terminal, Ghaziabad to Lucknow via Kanpur!
I want to know the recipe of sambhar
is there jio office in gautam nagar
6262185591
vegetarian restaurant
u too sandeep
again rain
farm house/ guest house for rent?
Wake up alarm
what is point tangle
contact number
can i have the results of each match from the beginning
today evening 3pm
Plz remove this reminder
remaining remainders show me plese
reliance digital show room near kestopur
r u in hurry
does ur alarm or reminders require internet
i want balance enqury tatadocomo
boss
i at mira road now
any discount on movies
reshma i want change delivery ph. number
Remember to watch Leicester vs Man u on 24th Sat 5pm
Lodges nearby me
paradise hotel nearest to mehdipatnam
metapalyam
i want money to know changers at my nearby location
yes i do but there are no offers ☹️
madurai area
send me the score n ranking of teams
hi. what are the near coffee places or cafes?
any tips
i want to book bus tickets
i want to know that which movie is releasing next week.
hi, i'm interested in watching rangoon. {movie_name:rangoon}{task}
thanks shilpa.. good night
halal food plz
i want to book hotel
i think india will winn
what's the cost
metro fare from andheri to chakala ???
are there no tickets available for 8th march?
where is match
yes i wanted to read _date_ s latest sports news
What are the costs of flight tickets from Kolkata to bagdogra?
remind again in tommarow
score of rcb vs punjab match of _date_ may
can you send me a list of which players are going to miss the ipl due to international matches
cab's
thnks a lot haptik, for reminding me.
i want to make payment of my reliance 4g data card. how can i?
maestro puc
Internet cafe near
call me at 7 am
Remind me at 10.30 pm today to take keys from Ishaan Kataria
i need any yoga trainer or any yoga classes
sunday  meeting
"ur remaining me today!!!	missed wishing him on his bday...	waste to keep a remainder..."
trains from kottayum to bangalore on 5march
no alarm sounds for reminders? how could i know ur alert?
hey i need tatkal ticket for the same
any idea??
kal maine fon pe aap se baat kiya tha na?
Nearby domino's
With fare
Thankx miss.Dharana for waking up
I want to book train tickets from chennai t Coimbatore train no 06041
Do 10 rs recharge
can uou cancel it
ye train delhi k liye hai ya new delhi
are there any offers
yes okay thank you but who will win the match
i want to go to rbs bank
i need a cab
hello riddhi
sir payment link was expired.how
sorry not now
no it's ok
find me a train
to drink water
or rcb vs mi
"पति : आज खाना क्यों नहीं बनाया ? 😡😡		पत्नी : गिर गई थी और लग गयी ?😞😞		पति : कहाँ गिर गई थी और क्या लग गयी थी?😳😳		पत्नी : तकिये पर गिर गयी थी और आँख लग गयी थी।😝😝"
Nagpur to banglore 25th September train availability
can u get me some more
late night resturants
i want delivery from kfc
cancel march 4 to do list
no!! except sunday .all other six days i need a wake up call
no tickets
why at this time??
for dubai
Any trains
any offer for cabs now?
i was about to get a attak in d last over
yeh i want jio subscription
kindly ignore
pls cancel it
_date_ s match result
don't call just message me
I want to know abt the vacant seat of HOWRAH EXPRESS
not flight
do keep telling me the scores
_date_ dhoni score
12864 prasanti express benguluru may how many plat from may comining
is there any bbq in ranchi?
read the whole chat
Kindly deactivate
hi, i want to reserve a table.{task}
train ticket from pune to indore
can u help.in that
is mini toy train from neral to matheran is working?
my moto g4 plus camera glass is scratched so badly and authorized dealers are taking time more than usual to get it done so can i have any info so that i can get it repaired by private dealers or service persons
Stationary shops
suggest resuturant at s g highway
vijwada to varnasi
change my
good night 😴
thnk u
omax city 1
marriage is toady by 5 o'clock evening if i will receive call before time then its ok other wise we will look for any other
match update please
thxx bro
Hey please turn off my wake up alarm...
i will tell u later
Delite cinema me kon si movie lagi he?
_date_ ipl me kis team ka match hai
what about shatabdri express?
when web check in can be done?
20 Nov from cst to Durg
please give me scorecard
"		i would like to cancel my call sujay reminder for fri, 03 march at 06:50 pm { reminder_list: 695123, user_id: 1980257, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i have 50rs offer in this app...
remind me today to buy mosquito net, sticky elements and watch repairing
i want to make a to do list
hay
can u help on hotel booking
is it required for me?🙄
dell service center
"mumbai to renugunta		20 april 	sleeper coach non ac		any train available"
location plx
i allowed access information
both  bal deduct for 1 recharge
6 persons
Please abort the water reminder service
any offers on reliance
is there any reminders on mythisnumber
i m bored
Please send the information of tourist places in coachin city with photos
get me d score updates please
amount 2165
india mache
reminder set
Find the holiday packages for Kodaikanal, Munnar, Ooty
so please give me a coupon code
on 9th 1 passenger
i want to cancel my wake up call reminder
tdy 5 march 2017 11.45 am
score update
scoore
Marketplace near me
no vandana
every 2 hrs
kuch btao n pooja
thanks yaa
my seats are confirmed?
hey i got my refund
mum to hyderabad going on 6th return is 9 march
which is the best dish in vegetables in spicy
4 persons include two adults and two kids
i want to set alarm
Hi,  we are planning to visit Ayush resort near Panvel tomorrow.  4 of us.  Can you please help us plan?  It us supposed to be a one day picnic
g a
who is playing tomorlw
u have sent me 2bhk charges
keep me updated every _numeral_ mins
score kay ha
Nearby  Vodafone  store
where are you from?
I hv to book tatkal ticket
it is a hindi movie or english
nose specialist doctors nearby?
check air fare to pune
Please can help you for the bookings train .
had anu thing
gn frnd.
*i want railways tickets from mumbai too ajmer*
sirf train number chaye
fuxk off
book a cake 🎂 from seth bakers tagore garden
villiwakkam  to changelpet  season ticket how mutch
i want to courier a packet
I'll be traveling from Kudal to mumbai  by kokankanya express today...
_date_ april mumbai indian match
is there any offer in paying bills
tonight at 11:45pm
i would like to see the rating of commando 2 movie
plz make it 8am to 10pm
only _numeral_ teams
match date of gujarat lions
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sat, 04 march at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 693665-693666-693667-693668-693669-693670-693671-693672-693673-693674-693675, user_id: 1918071, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
Now i m in puzhal chennai...i want dominos pizza...so near by pizza shop detail
tmrw s match
jeeta kon
still not able to pay
Time of train
what are the products you are picking up and dropping
can you help me find one pls
Get me the bus list from kbs to yelahanka satellite town
yes i want to book train ticket
tomorrow delhi
every yeat
remind me today to wake up at 6:30 am
bye have.a.great dau
Book my train
den the entire army is named shruti i guess
i want to see kutram 23 trailer..
Casio service center
what s the current scorr
do not remind me anymore
here it is
hotel
hw to solv my prob
I need paradise biriyani restaurant contact no
By train
ipl match score
hi neha, who are you
reminder @9pm
comando2 ke show ki timing kya maratha mandir me
get me the show timings of movies in gudivada
hi rohinj
kurla
u r sweet
near by citi bank from my current location
stop temindets
whether it will conform
is the match starts again
near station road
can you send the link to watch live match
Technician not visited
tendulkar paaji - i'm big fan of ur's !!!
which team you support
way to noida
my location in mahendru post office
Call me up after 10 minutes
kya score h
location
need flight tomorrow
☺😊😊😊😀😀😀😁😂😂☺😊😊😀😅😆😊😊😊☺☺
sorry clicked by mistake
for new users for dth recharge
okay tq
hi what s a score of srh
offer applicable for cash payments?
all ipl matches
discount available
daniel
reminder
traina to goa on thursday 9 march
Any good resort in s goa
sakshu
flight details for flight 6e 254
I want to cancel my reminders
need details of fairs from bangalore to sydney
cars 3
I need burger
for the info
any offer if i am going to book movie ticket
who was win the toss
just me. one person
train 🚂 12801, today
unable to choose pick up location
i want to travel to indore on 4th march
I just wanted to knw the cost of airtickets in november any date from mumbai to rajkot
Provide me options to reach from Mumbai to Bangkok on 3rd Nov
when the first bus is available from narasapur to eluru
ohh nice
pls share contract number
harddisk service
i am in ladies quata
i'm not travelling by train..what's the matter? don't you read the texts of yesterday?
curret score
say the score
what are the coming matches this week
what is the cost
Can you please tell me the berth?
i need vu brand television customer care number
near by best restaurant
no thanks for your humble response its ok bt can you suggest me some other websites so i can get it with discount
do we hve a match _date_
barfi
what are yesterdays match
need help on this
thank u
medicine i said
Asr to Mumbai
i want cheapest fair for goa to kolkata
hi i want food
cl sreekanth vanitha tomorrow
vga
ahm
date 8 march 2017
how to go to bhiwandi from bhendi bazar
need to book a ticket from chennai to coimbatore on 31st march for 4 adults in aircarnival flight
m i right
cancel the one on 3rd march
yes that s really a fun fact which makes the games more interesting nthanks
300 movie
what's my order i'd
dont remind me pls
Flight tickets
Please pay my mobile bill
you guys are awesome
who are the brand ambassador of mumbai indians
Allahabad to delhi 2nd ac 18/9/16
yup :)
Can u send me the revised itinerary for the tour package. Chennai-Delhi-manali-Dalhousie -Agra-delhi-chennai
hellob
540
😑😣😤
send a list of gurgaon
i need offer on postpaid bill payment
mum won
tell now flight tickets
any other home in thiruvanmiyur ?
Tomorrow all express train chart timetable
Thotari film
thank u so much
book this tkt
Any nearby mall
playing _numeral_ dd
give me its review
hlw..
no cashback?
i want that all meetings details which i already uploaded
i am a huge rcb fan
i am looking for any budget hotel near ahmdabad railway station
are bhai
Please find suicide squad show timings near sohna road Gurgaon
gloria
Pl. Check any 4G offers on my mobile no. 9849042217
is here any offer on recharge prepaid
hey i want to book tickets fr commando 2
hi cute pie
6:30am today
i was trying 2time with dtp
i didn't receive mail regarding my bookings
"12295	12969	12615"
who was batting
Marathalli in Banglore is the boarding point for returning.
mai mpm mai abhi abhi join kiya hu..mujhe ap ye week ka mayerial ka schedule batao konse din kitna kitna material lavne vala hai...taki mai us mayrrial ko production mai lai saku
he r you
but i am not sure to travel on such date
madam who is won the toss
over kitna hua
newbie. it was just a trial
coupon received by haptik above
okay thanks
mere account me kuchh offers hai recharge karne ke liye
konsi train jati hai
airtel update: your bill dated 18-feb-17 of rs 1494 for your airtel fixedline 052236476942_dsl is due on 09-mar-17. please ignore if paid.
i want tickets of _date_ s match between india and pakistan
what do you think who will win _date_ s ipl match
direct flights r better    .... don't want via delhi n all
this time ipl leag table
i have more appointment
I told u to remind me every Friday Saturday Sunday, I didn't get any reminder last weekend
i am looking for restaurant near mandi house so could u plz help me in finding that
c i just need to know trains are available or not
which team plays next qualifier is gujrat out
nd 8.30 too
its done and ride amount was 100 paid vy ola money
_date_ which team wins the match
do you know my location?
i want you to do web check in for me please
what s the current run rate of mi
deluxe room has toilet attached with room
can you please confirm the status of pnr : 2654040489 .
Kindly schedule another call after five mins to this previous call thanks
shramjivi late h kya..?
can i get ipl tickets for rcb in bangalore
cancel the pick up
Any tourist package for boat house in Kerala for 25 ,26,27
jolly llb2 review
yes cancel all
is it possible to change my assistant?
nope thanx
wat movie is running at namalgunda
i want to know about d word osmosis
Please discontinue the water reminder
pnr status for 2428113589
so let c later...
cool nrcb has to work hard to reach top _numeral_ right
image is too large to upload
Show time?
which are great restaurants near my place
who is the successful captain of ipl history
2 ppl 1 room
ascar winning movies name
sir jaane do
i want to stop the alarm
padmavthy amma
5:30 am today
Can u find me infocus service centre in BHUBANESWAR
hey i want tickets for _date_ match at delhi
pls remind me to go to airport at 7.30 pm today
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 691658, user_id: 1625975, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
hey im hungry
can u tell me now ...which application is better to chek the trains between trains
march 4th
what time match is starting
sport shop
salad, sizzling bbq tofu, all toppings ( more beans) {product_id:56847,product_name:California Burrito,api_id:,api_name:zomato}
"absolute barbeque in gachibowli hyderabad..	its not showing in your hotels"
bd sharma cheque for rs. 5 lakh to p/g sbh account on 04.03.2017 at 10 am
i need a dance master
5/5/17 surat to kalyan train no. 22944
2 hr
can u arrange pizza delivery
are you an app developer
need after 15 min
any big screen in banglore
train no : 14707
waiting for the ticket
scores update pl
fatty liver tablet
Please.. Wake me up
if dd and kkr losse badly then how mi withh got into
always call me if i cant pickup
which service provider is available with you . for 1 bhk room cleaning
thanx a lot... 😊
yup done
wat you think who ll win d match
what was last match with gujarat lion
what about gujarat lions match
ne waste i'm interested but just i tested about u'r app
Need cab to travel to goa,  should seat 4 ppl
Hey, can you find me the cheapest flights available?
hi buddy
Contact no for meizu mobile service center in Vadodara
which teams are out from the tournament
and overs
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 704863, user_id: 1569607, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i didn't receive e ticket
i want to change my uber login
post office
ok remind me then
do i need to vacant my house for pest control
Please Find a fine restaurant near me
i want to buy pune supergiants jersey where can i can i get one
on single ticket
Can you find me a hotel in patiala
thn plz go ahead and  book
Train ticket on 30 October
any one. language should be malayalam.
area would be juhu/andheri
find hotels in aurangabad
Hi, i want to start dnd on my number ,
Nearby washroom
tell me the basics of cricket
60 meh
wait let the last over creep on
Search for nearby dominos
booked bus
i need tickets for ipl rcb vs srh of _numeral_ rs
train chair car
thanks wish the same
i want to _date_ ipl match summery
go
i hope rcb will win
near me no flights available
i got a message with a coupon code last week
please setup a reminder call for 4pm and 4:15 pm today
u too have a great day
i want to chat with you
hey dude
No.They will not repair my model
on my complaint
Now Aircel is giving   298 for 5gb 3G data
8356666113
can you get me a retail store where i can find electronic goods in vizag
jio prime
at 8'30 gym time
no thank
okay..this means that i will get a discount of 75 when i will do transaction through paytm n all..??
दुरुस्त रखिए हिसाब किताब जरा संबंधों का भी..
any offer ?
good afternoon madam where is bescom office in kengeri to pay electric bill
any tome
spicejwt
alright,i'll tell you soon.
but i didnt recvd ur call
Can i have the menu of rasna 2?
Wada pav
Hey I want a reminder tomorrow morning 11:45am
tripupathi
Plz check hubli to Bangalore tickets on 9th of Dis month
thanks please keep as it is
pls check again
pnr  m8nlpz  7 march
how are you nalini ji
"call me twice on today at 5:20pm	and 5:30 pm"
"live running train status of bnc kyq humsafa (12503) for 03rd of march 2017.	currently bnc kyq humsafa is running and is delayed by 03 hrs 30 mins when it departed from cuttack (ctc) at 04:05 pm (182 mins. late)."
ok thankiew
hi! i want to recharge my phone.
thank you. good night
hello vikas
k fine
gujrat or mumbai indians
remind me tomorrow at 6:45 to leave from office
i was looking for some desserts
Make it for call plzz
Give me a call in 5 mins.
am i still applicable to get cashback on my 4th cab ride?
Plz tell me where is swimming pool ....??
sorry but i am not surr how to share the location with you
when the bating of dd starts inform me
is there any match in pune
i want to set a reminder to drink water. {repeat_banner}
can u tell me about uber cab
plz off all reminder
from bangalore to delhi
remind  me to pay bill at 11:30
Are these authorised service centers dealers
melissa how old are u baby
i need flight ticket price
are u a human ?
sure😊
okay just give me the list
i have provided that
how did you know that my bill came
I need to wake up at 6 am on 26th September.
are you able to send me continuous updates of _date_ s match
restorent
remove my reminder at 5
Nearest metro station to parikrama restaurant in Connaught place
near nimhans hospital
Okay please check for train availability from blore to Gokarna.
aisle non charable
you say me score one by one for whole match
its bhopal to neemuch
plz cancel all the reminders and set new once
Hi, kindly remind me at 6 tonight to write the letter
i didn't get about budget
what s the reason for so much losses of dhoni s team
intetcith
i wnt to go for bus tommorrow at 6:45 from my place to rutambhara collage at juhu
Near veg restaurant
hey wut this app is all about
micro please
hotel book at shimla
remind
green chillies restaurant
haa sure
pls keep both the remainders dats it
Sleeper class
but i want to know the fare?
any cheaper tickets available???
2224467114 plz check pnr status
i am planning for a short trip for 2-3 days. i need some information about where i can go for trip near to pune.
when is d next match of india
I recharge Videocon recharge
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 681146, user_id: 1701566, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
"		i would like to cancel my to-do reminder for everyday at 02:00 pm { reminder_list: 656677, user_id: 1922544, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
what you think india will win
mujhe meri waiting list ki jaankari chahiye
can you help me with best price for toshalidands hotel in puri for check in on 6 and check out on 8 march
same 2 u miss shruti
no make it from 11 am to 9 pm
oh so fast reply
police station near velachery
help me with reviews of commando 2 movie
Plz send evening trains today
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 659310, user_id: 1666068, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
remind me collect photographs for office at 9.30 am today please
Just enquiring. Can you deliver food from any restaurant in kakinada?
nothing thank you
Can I place an order for a cake to be delivered in koramangala
Pune to Andheri East train jata h kya
ATM near
hi tell me atleast who won
purple and orange cap holders and their run and wickets
please share points table
any barbecue nation
any good cashback on postpaid bill payment?
i didn't get any amount
Home delivery ?
how would the refund take place? will it be on the credit card through which i made the payment or will it be on the cashback on haptik?
r you a robot ?
thanks but the offers r too expensive for me
May I get kvb bank phone number for sholinghur branch in tamilnadu
jodhpur rajasthan
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 08:00 am { reminder_list: 715619, user_id: 1864459, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Holiday package to crabi island for 6-7 days
every day except sunday i need a wake up call
can i hav stats of kkr
want to pay airtel bill any discount
Dominos address near me
not now thank you
how do i get the cash back my ride is complete but not rcvd any cashback?
Hey, can you book me the nearest cab?{task}
🤔
my first ride will be free
it's without any doubt. idea
working hours
not updated india won another match now
1078 is otp from ubercl
which movie is running now in cinema
6/21/2017
himayath nagar hyd
flight
please inform them i will be there by 1:15pm
Wake me after 10 minutes
book tickets for movie
hey can you please update me the score
9 march morning at 10 am
give me continuous update
i want to reach puna before 9:30
hi cricket lovers
i want current location of basava express
sorry i do n t follow cricket and i have no clue
can u give the details of the hotel
how are yoy
near railway station?
still kohli is playing
can you tell me the cheapest rent for a projector and a screen for a day?
next match of gujarat lions
show me flights for 8th mar.{62329}
how can i get live updates
keep me updated with srh match _date_
wake me up at 5:30am today
peace on you harsha!
_numeral_ wickets
बताएं तो अच्छा रहता
i wanted to know their current ipl position where have they reached
i want to set a reminder to drink water.
can you also help me with the shedules of sunrisers please
"that's all gaurav	just remind me that and nothing else"
which are in my wallet
hi deepak
don't u understand wat i want ir u don't read my mags?
no i want state bank of india
is thr any pools
vegetarian
one is enough for now
"		i want to know availability and fare in ac 3 tier (3a) in train number 12623{product_id:12623_mas_cngr,api_name:trains_api}"
i m sorry i m new to haptik.
Please provide me only cruise packages
update me when wi batting starts and wckt
you too have a great day
Seat availability for tomorrow in Pragati Express from Panvel to Pune - class 2s
i want it daily.
for rent
keep me updated after every over please
plz on 7th apr
i want a list of travel agents in domlur area, bangalore
ok pankaj i will let u know
out players
i would like to get cheaper flights from ixz to bangalore
what happen to dhoni and its luck
at which over
hahaah....cool
remind me at 6 o clock
thanks pranay
pls help me with cheapest air tickets blr to mumbai
can u plz remind me all these tasks daily
"8976688730:	hyderabad-banjara hills-cpbb-590,plot no.57, opp:m/s sujana group, nagarjuna hills, nagarjuna circle, rd.3, banjara hills, hyderabad-500082"
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sun, 05 march at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 716081-716082-716083-716084-716085-716086, user_id: 1983991, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
dont have destination just wanted to move around in city
where is the proof
and bill was rs 104
book me cab
wanna find out something else
I want hdfc branch at delhousi and how to reach there
any movie offers?
show me pnb atm
Can I get gas cylinder
Booking for Train ticket
jese
Secundrabad to kazipet trains now
boring
how can i pay my bill through wallet balance
bro tell me who won the match
running movie in wtp jaipur
my train chart is prepared or not?????
than
Looking for Kannada movie
I am looking for trains from vizag to nagpur
Which hindi movies running in cinepolis
price of the passes
My father has book a ticket in rajdhani express in senior citizen quota now due to some reason he is not able to travel can this ticket be transferred to my name
Change dubai tkts dates....remind me tomo at 9 am
Plz give me address of samsung service centre at aundh location
movies list  at empress mall salav vapi
hi can u help me with subway menu. location my office
reareshma
with hands
into auction
fast scores
rs 60 for 3ac class?
Mangla lakshadweep... Coach position pls
who win the ipl match
what s ur name
which team win _date_ s match
What r d movies running in jagityal theatres
how much would it cost if i go for the 5:25 show at dt cinemas gk2
order me chole  rice combo from box 8
please set reminders to wake me up on 05 march between 0700–0800 hours. each reminder to be set five minutes apart
hey tell me some trivia about the ab divilers
sow my riminder
how should i do that
need offer fetails
if he does not return my phone
what else can u do
Where will I get butter chicken right now
i need vodafone 4g double offers
thank you aman, i love you
wicha team match _date_
Hey pls stop those reminder calls
previous match
No one reverted to me about repairing my ac.
sorry , i would have liked to book from this app
axis bank atm
i am near marathahalli bridge
any other matches
Oh its quiet nearer to flights
thank you but i m home now you can stop
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 09:00 pm { reminder_list: 670037, user_id: 1970294, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
in hyderabad dc showroom is there
love you haptik
please send latest one
pl. find availability of flights from hyd. to tiripatji
indian bank
i wanna now the availability of flight tickets .. frm bengaluru to pune in month of april
and top _numeral_ players runs i need in ipl _numeral_
1 o'clock today
Akash pls i dont opt fr any calling chk my reminder list
any offers for me on train booking
btw who is supposed to win
Hey can u order from dominos for me?
i would like to cancel my wake up call for wed, 01 march at 05:40 am { reminder_list: 665007, user_id: 1140979, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
cab please
actually i want to see vurat and de villeors innigs detail
whose has orange cap and purple cap
Remind me to call deepa di
Does anyone deliver cake and flowers to home?
Sir in airtel 199 plan 2g data is unlimited. ?
of this match
i don't want call.......i want text reminder
7th may, 1 adult, pune to mangalore
kitpah5013
I am planning to go to daman with my girlfriend
for how many days cashback amount in wallet is valid
thanq bro
hi can you please delete my medical reminder at 6 and 10 'o clocks daily
sir kabhi bhi flight us date pe kyu nhi dikhati
be
it is about qulifying group
delhi just won a match
thank you for your wakeup call
Can u find me a motor driving school nearby?
can i use the haptik wallet balance for paying cab fare
tell me the fare
ola , uber..or something else
Nearby BMTC bus stop at Mysore road metro station
shopping malls near by
hey, i had booked a round trip from mumbai to bangalore yesterday
cash back offer still available
chik n grill अहमदाबाद
sorry without cashback offer i never done a recharge i recharge only when cb available in any apps like paytm freecharge mobikwik tapzo so i don't want to recharge without cb
hi can u give me nearest location to first flight courier office
Reparing  price of pyhsical damage screen of jalaxy j7 2016
now which first team to play eliminator
sitarampur se jasadih local
soo..
match start
i am uninstalling the app as i don't have access to shopping and other issues
is the mcd taking orders
set avlabel
how many matches per team will play
western union bank
time is not fixed
is there any happening party going on in rajouri garden
no jio working till 31 n apply dnd to your msg or ping n stop disturbing me
can you tell me any restaurants open near me
i want to go kalikiri chittore distict
which team one the match
Cancel all my wake up alarm's
gimmi the match updates
i want _date_ s match ticket at banglore
ullu kahi ka
update me when match gets over
suggest me offers on pizza hut
Hi please tell Chennai to coimbatore Bus fare and details
10 aprel
no that will be all
give me updates faster
not trailer
which connects axis bank atm
can you send the mail
Andhra bank
chinese restaurant at mahim
motorola authorised service centre
book me a latest ticket for gl
hii top 10 world war movies inspired by true events
i mean it s a close match
Can u book my ticket on eylex or sentrum MS DHONI 1ST DAY first show
"sry bharti sharma	gender female 	age 18"
Mujeeb shop
Flight Ahmedabad to Goa ticket price all flight ticket rate
6th
_date_ s match s board
i chose wrong date
where is genip pharmaceuticals at hyderabad
Kindly reach a bus,santacruz to four bungalow Kokila bhen hospital b/w 8 to 8.30am
Potluck dinner
what was the score of _date_ s match
nagpur to nashik
i am talking to computer or its really you pooja?
show me a near by restaurant
i am looking for le eco service center at panvel - navi mumbai
hi could you checkin please
plzzz give me this
hourly reminder would help me
hi ankita
this point table is old
kerala style food
i will surely rate you but next week for sure,with a proper review.
noolu mall
please share score card of gujarat lions
which match will b plyed nxt in kolkata
near bike showroom
been more than 1.30 hours..
plz cancel the booking
katamrayudu
Can u find a train for this Saturday from Bengaluru to erode
i need _numeral_ tickets for pune vs rcb match
goa to bengaluru flight today in d evng
Stop all my reminders please
drink reminder again
time table not points table
you apply the code i will book
can u please web check in for me
what is haptik? can u explain?
rcb chasing
can you remind me that i have to complete my 3 chapters by today..
who is the player to score _numeral_ runs in ipl
let me decide ok
can i get ipl schedule
remind me for a meeting at 2.55pm today
thanks 😊
Flight to nagpur
"12714/satavahana sf express		శాతవాహన సూపర్‌ఫాస్ట్ ఎక్స్‌ప్రెస్  "
dominoz pizza in sion
hi deepika when is next match
no icici
hello darling
Can you tell me which the restaurant beside Hangla's Chakala?
No need to call just remind me by sms or alarn
activate the score updates in this no also
cash?? available?
who s match
PVR vasant vihar Delhi
i would like to know nearby aquarium service centre for home service of fish aquarium.
Train from clt to tcr
is there burger singh aroung my location
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 05:30 am { reminder_list: 678992, user_id: 1975792, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
are der any promo code for bill payments
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 09:35 am { reminder_list: 700965, user_id: 1572853, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
_date_ s cricket match schedule
Plz tell me that micromax a 107 is 3g or 4g phone ?
yes repeat winner
2 hr it's already done
or uber
what is gale fastest february in ipl
which teams made it to the playoffs
megha art creative institute technology...is their is any meeting time
tudays matches
i want human contribution hospital near by ghaziabad can u search for me where is it .
waah sir _numeral_ ko bh match h or hyderabad okay sath h
and when is india s next match
payment can be done through haptik wallet
hi can you share me full schedule of ipl _numeral_ as a image file
pl cancel reminder at 7.30
hi, i'm interested in watching john wick 2. {movie_name:john wick 2}{task}
mujhe kalke mach ka tikit chahiye kkr
apsaragonda
what is jio prime membership
please understand what i wrote
Hey ,I need a cab from borivali station
let's rebook
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 711897, user_id: 1983673, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can i recharge now?
pnq-amd 23.05.2017
12556 atatus
remind me to buy bearing at 1230pm tomorrow
What is the fare for the domestic flight from Pune to Bangalore
wat a match _date_ it was did you see
s
any recharge offer
nope
yes..
why the payment getting failed
ok thnk u
why mi lost _date_
than k u deepesh
i want change my journy date
are you a female?
do you have 15Êsh back offer today ?
don't need more options
show me _date_ s match
abey bhencho seafood kaha milta hai?
DBRT RAJDHANI ,3Ac
i want to recharge vodafone 8696674057 by rs 100 . is there any discount
Vishal told you will get unlimited 2g @20kbps in airtel postpaid
ca no is correct
i know that
haven't recieved the order yet
is there any promo codes
mornig reminder
nearby mall
scroll up i told u before
the game will be in which stadium
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 05:56 am { reminder_list: 693943, user_id: 1918635, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i need the today only
A.venkatrathnam chary  35 yrs male. 2Ac
rcb bat or no
Send me details regarding Dubai up and down air fare for 13th Oct 2016 from Chennai
i have already reserved
sure i will remind u when ever i need u
do we have other coupen code so i can apply and get cashback
hollywood movie
Delhi to tirupati by air lowest price on January03, 2017
wale up
224181420819269
धन्यवाद
i want it to be delivered in gurgaon
can india qualified for semifinal
on 27th feb... do something
hai good aftr noon
Pls book 2 tickets from Jaipur to delhi on 28th sep for indigo flight at 3.55 pm
i want to to go bareilly on 10 march
what will be the cost for australia from trichy
mahananda exp
Hookah parlour near by marol sakinaka
kapil sharma house
i want to set alarm for wake up
set wake up call for 6:10 am
i dont hve pnr no.
will try tomorrow.. i already taken ur first option
spicejet
what does the points table look like at the moment
kong skull island
on 10th march
wht about dd vs mi
can you find me all type of printing centre near me ?
again 24hours have passed
it k. tq
_date_ s t _numeral_ match
can u please explain me
81568112370
6th October rajdhani tickets from Kolkata to Delhi
ticket prices ?
kha gyee
i'm getting this error all the time
call somnath after 30 mnt
remind to deposit cheque tomorrow at 9:30 am
Ac in warranty
blr to ixb 22april
i would like to know the airfare from hyderabad to renigunta
Please book pink movie at garuda mall 4.30 afternoon show for 2 persons.
miss saumay can u send fast please
nearby stationary wholesale shop
o.k thanks
this is old table
how to but match tickets
3 times a day
yep done it....this is kool ..thnq
865-6540047
Goa
none of dem delivers here ?
i want to test your reminder
virat kohli ka is pure season me kitne run huye
Canara bank
offer u suggest is expired know
santa: what kind of people on this planet use haptik? banta: those with no friends.
srinivasa kalyana
no thanks, for this time
i would need ur help to find a tricycle for my 2year old kid as birthday gift
"please show me one way flights from bangalore to new delhi 		onward date - 27 march"
Suggested plan:Talktime of Rs. 40.48. It is available for Rs.50 with 0 validity. You will get Rs.40.48 talktime.
Please tell me a train information
will that rac 9&10 be confirmed.?
today checkin tomorrow checkout
it is almost 12 45
suraj cinema najafgarh which movie today
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 05:30 am { reminder_list: 603611, user_id: 1953101, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
where's the order receipt??
okay alright please help me with your travel dates
On Aggoda I just have checked...u can also check the price showing on the same date for 2 rooms 6 people is 12600
drink me a one glass water
or late night
no no the one for which i have provided the details
i want to set reminder
hey i need tickets for the match
can i get a coffe
Please remind me for my sons polio drops day on 25th September at 10 am
nearest post office
reply karo
update now divya
Can u find me the number of Nokia service centre in borivali
i need a cab
Banjo review
can you tell me the repeat telecast timeing of ipl opening ceremony nactually i missed it
can you provide me ohio hospital kolkata contact number
man of the match in first game
who was in the final
in panvel area?
how many score to win the match
What is the estimated travel time from pondy to kandanchavadi
ok so can you take an appointment for the same on monday. patient name is yama
its ok
naresh i have booked my tickets on 3rd friday at 10pm for the movie kuttram 23 kindly remaind me 2hrs before
unisex salon
yes hyderabad won
diphu. to khamaya
no need to travel
but they r of no use
can you order something to my place now?
remind me to message vighnaraj tomorrow at 5 pm
train no 19714
sry i don't want it
thank you sir
kkr i hope so
ji haa
first tell me price
amit kumar
hai nitin n any update in _date_ match
how do i get tickets for finals
i want leading wicket takers
i need u help
Honey trip to Kerala in Dec 12
i want to order from subway
yaaah
Train ticket
How to go mg road from madiwala bus stop
If I don't wake up please call me again
it is unlimited calling pack
Please check if you can get a confirm ticket from Delhi to Guwahati any ac or sleeper
I need .. reminder
varanasi to hyd 8th mar
like star cruise etc
gr8
carnival kodungallur
from vadodara to mumbai
bahubali
any 10 rs available for any movies
genetal
haven't received my cash back
"task: do puka	date: 05-03-2017	time: 10.30 am"
need sbi atm???
cool mumbai won
Place an order on my behalf
who are the players playing
please discontinue with reminder for valparin chrono 200
"i want to go criticare hospital 	in bhayander east 	but in your link 	criticare hospital thery are showing but not in bhayander east 	they are showing in other location"
u r an asshole
hmm not now...
where is rs. 48 cashback for rs. 320 bill payment
tickets for the match at wankhede stadium mumbai
any train
cancell all my reminders{task}
can you remind me to do my office work at 11:20 am
inox
Mc dondals
wake up me on 11 pm
hi pradee.. getting help from renuka thank you
no. thank you
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 722955, user_id: 1985204, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 693995, user_id: 1980060, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
but wanna remove the phone remunder
no one visited
wanna fly to banglore on 13th
but i want everyday
Find me a laptop repairing shop in my area.
Nearest pnb atm
thank you _numeral_
no that i can do with google onky
Can you tell me where is the nearest HDFC bank ATM?
U like beer?
Buy tickets for ind vs nz kolkata test
i missed my coupon
hey is there live cricket match _date_
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 694341, user_id: 1980077, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i would prefet uber
my budget is approx 1000 perhead
what are new releases of this week
thanks. for that good night
but my assistant is daniel
Can you please show train timing on 3oct
score bta ti rehna
every year on 2 nd march....remind me...
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 723325, user_id: 1984966, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
I would like to know the baggage allowance of air India flight to France
Check a flight for delhi in November on best price
send remainder at 5:00
hi, i'm interested in watching lion. {movie_name:lion}{task}
that's disgusting
can you tell me the name of some nearby gynecologists ?
iowans a new reminder
what's up
just set that time
now check it i have marked my location same
Any travel package for Paris?
2 ac
i didn't receive any call
tell me any nearest hospital
what wi tatkal bookibg rate?
patna
nearby me
otp?
any mobile showroom not only expecting samsung
is uber available in tirupati
tnx for the support..
oh nice
could you please provide me a package for goa on 5th march from ahmedabad. including air fare returns included
yes you please check but chepest flight
really loving haptik
please do n t send any scores right now
i want to go vaijapoor
get me rajasthani food
Can you check availability on 26th September 2016 for Delhi to Pune
urgently needed the score
yap simmon played well
body
are there any cab offers?
yes yes he is here
Stationary shop near me
first innings
city union bank atm
okkkk...
i need everyday reminders through cal
bombay barbecue
kon rog hai
i am asking u what is the luggage limit
tell me the weather update at kolkata
Looking for resort or home stay in shimla
please provide whole score board of match
7.30 am today
i would like to cancel my water drinking reminder
Nearby medicine shop
yusuf pathan ne kitne run banaya
Hello Renuka
on 9 th march morning 7.15 i have to go athwa gate for kidney awerness rally
could you please tell me which teams are playing
hi, please stop sending the reminders for now :) i will let you know when to start again if required 🙂
hi! i'm looking for someone to help me with appliance repair.{task}
flat no 110 b3 bldg ps villa society, near near manjri stud farm, maharashtra , india, 412307.
Thodari devi cineplex
thanks buddy😊
yaayy we won
can you send me the video of dhoni s last over against kings _numeral_ punjab ipl _numeral_
the image is not opening
can you find any cabs less than 2500
no i want you to remind me again
morning 5am every day but with very pleasant music.
Pls send reminders after 2 hrs
continue update me with score
Hi please check the pnr status of 4422145644
then watup da
check availability
i need to book it advance for 7:45 am tommorow
no thank you for the update
need to know the price i want to be in chickpet
Get one reliance sim
not valid for cash payment means
please confirm domino's deliver b cebin road moriwali ambernath e
04805 current raning stats date of 2-3-17
referral money recharge pe milega kya
remind me for printing of all reports at 10.30
book my flight to delhi of 8th march
can you update me all status of matches
goodnight take care
flights
going on
i have told earlier
can you send me updates continuously
PNR:2703374808,TRAIN:15013,DOJ:09-10-2016,TIME:N.A.,SL,DLI TO HDW,Gaurav Gandhi,RLWL 64,FARE:190,SC:23 PG CHGS.
can u tell the distance from my location to that theatre
phone no
vijayawada
_numeral_ me _numeral_
near mehdipatnam
thnku ji
ipl scor
thank you stop now
tnq so muchhhh
Plz find me places to visit in jaisalmer in this month
who is the captain of srh
i am asking calender
Service centre for Mi redmi Note 3 phone
"name: shristi	date: march 18, 2017	time: 12 00 am"
i want points tank e
what it will arrive at chamdrapur
what is the bangalore score board
in ipl which team win _date_
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 06:00 pm { reminder_list: 713413, user_id: 1960043, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
robot2 movies
can you show me score table
ok thanx☺
Is it showing seat availability in tatkal?
shilpa birthday
who won the most games
Date is 30 dec to 2 jan
what can service
show me the details of david warner matches
wat is the cab cost to chennai airport
please share the details of remaining matches
great match right
result of rcb vs pune
no no.. m not chatting with u casually.. i have connected with u people with my mobile no. & email id.. so i should know that where is it exactly in goregaon.. if u people are not fake u can i tell the truth..
hey! pranay please cancel my water reminder.
Want to know the price of flight from mumbai to delhi
ola only
Nearest reliance store at Belgharia
for 1passanger
who wins yersterday match
score board kxip vs kkr
updated the runs
hdfc bank
i have mobile rechrge of rs.500
Sunday.. 6am.. reminder.. for economics revision.. and discuss on current issues
every 2 hours would be fine
point table batana
I want to know the fair of flight from Bangalore to Mumbai
i wanted to know how to check my jio data balance
I want to send the ticked which I have already book on 7 th October and 12 th October for my mom .she received a ticket from irctc but it contains no details of her seat number and birth.
Pune to lavasa, modes of transport?
I need nearby gymnatics classes
do you have mind??
lal pathology
she'll petrol pump
i want to do booking in chinnaswami stadium
Tariff Plans
hi i want cab in chennai koyambedu to chennai railway station at 3.00 pm
Please tell me fare from Mumbai to Toronto on 26th of April for one passenger. One way ticket.
Reliance jio sim
do this now
suggest me a app to watch ipl on my iphone
hi sreya
match full stats please
maps is not loading
Compare BSNL AND AIRTEL WHICH ON IS BEST IN ALL PLANS INCLUDING NETWORK
chattisgarh express ambala pe rukti hai
ya plz
hey yash
Can I set the alarm for different number??
hey...i need a cab...after 2 hours from yeshantpur railway station to yelahanka
another at 400 hrs
movie theatre near jubille hills hyderabaf
from start
I want train book
Hey dude any offers on chicken kebabs?
any update on my amount
cheese burst medium
Any hotels?
and individual scores
is 1000 cashback offer still going on?
is anyone here to help
is there any 5star hotel in nagaland
email not received till now
in second match who bat first
good
gud nite
dekho ye msgs maine nhi bheja tha drink water wale
any offer's
hey give me match saduel
_date_ s all the match schedule
subject ?
from my location to besanth nagar beach can u estimate cost?
kya case on delivery ho sakta hai kya
hi will u plz tell the address of global international school
i want
where is ur home
delete all "steal friend's prize" task
can you order
thanks i update
no..dont cancel it
i tove u
charges?
from chennai
i wanna know is the any special spot in kochi
sbbj
share last ipl winners team name
thanks, will do
Arrow season 5 release date
iphone 6splus 64gb spice gray colour prise
Cheaper restaurant for bday party
Mall near by me
is there any cash back in train booking
call now
4/3/2017
875-6737622
From mumbai to vapi
can you find me a train from akola to nagpur?
Need details of pure vegetarian restaurants nearby Santacruz and khar station
great delhi dare devils
pushpak only ...12534
Don't you provide any information regarding uber cab booking?
can u book train tickets
but yesterday it not happen
please can you send me d bating sequence of kkr
Looking for three rooms in Goa from 16-18th September with a nominal price of around 1000-1500
Find near by kvb bank
full score board todays match
book a ride for me
"801, 8th floor, d square,	opposite cnms school, dadabhai road,	vile parle  (w), mumbai 400056"
can delhi qualify
can i get train tickets for this evening?
i need an uber cab
tq vanisha
"please show me one way flights from bangalore to lucknow 		onward date - 17 march"
why did i not get my cashback
near by 2 wheeler oil change stations
i don't know now
sorry cancel for now
want to use the haptik
sunny trade centre
delete karna hai
how runs done by dwayne smith in how ball
i did not get the complete menu of krazy for chocolate
i want to order a burger from mc donalds
online ticket for nagaon assam
yes sure and _date_ match
who is gon na win _date_ any idea
kkr vs srh result
send me the link for c the scor card
i am in vizag
there is a number of a tran that is 12474. we made a plan to go gujrat. i want to know that is there any seats available for two person on 24 may 2017. i need it from ambala to sabarti
the abovw location
Cheapest theatre
Check for My refund money?
indian gas office
please provide me the info nearest stops for sujook therapy
please tell latest point table
about
02/03/17 train no. 51612
hey who is in final _date_
When does Bairava movie release
One egg bhurji paratha from cafe dlite Goregoan
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 684907, user_id: 1937936, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i need help for web check-in
now that s how india does it ncheers to india
Which seats
get me ratings of the train
great thoughts of u u r genious
oops cab
cancel task1
home made treatment for food poisoning
can you do that?
it's far away mam
looks like the prices have expired. can you please show me cabs again?
i want conform ticket
hey, can you find me the nearest train station?{task}
yes sure i would like to receive updates
yesterday i recharge bsnl number with 40 rs for internet 2g
19th april
flights from mumbai to gwalior
can you please provide me the full scorecard
image not visible
match between which teams
pnr no ohkaic pune to blr on 7th march
"		i would like to cancel my meet pankaj sir reminder for sun, 05 march at 11:55 am { reminder_list: 719542, user_id: 1930146, task_name: meet_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
any offers for train tickets
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 07:27 am { reminder_list: 688035, user_id: 1978530, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
but how can i make a paynent  online
date n time i can decide later
can you please cancel it
any updates for _date_ s match
how far is restaurant from here
drinking
can i pay from my haptik wallet
plz kl ka sedule vejiye
every over for mumbais match
sorry i changed my mind
Hey please set alarm 4 me
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 04:24 am { reminder_list: 714923, user_id: 1393992, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
here is the map link for ipramukh, located at anchor heights, valsad, gujarat at the distance of 4.2 kms. tap on this message to open the navigation to this location.
my ride is stopped
Book Rac
no every over
any matcj for _date_
kitnor anti dandruff shampoo
property dealers
near my area
please give live score in ipl
can you let me know if there is some service locally available which can fix my led tv on a wall mounting near my location
ohh it's okay thanks for the information
rcb scorecard please
I need to know flight prices from Singapore to Kuala Lumpur on the 9th morning. Flight charges sold include with baggage
could u please help me to find out nearest jio store.
i don't need it i need someone who can help to overcome my fear
am fine and u
listen i will not be there on this wil be in _train_ so you can call me to make aware of scores
i m looking to travel to seychelles in from 25 to 1st september
where is current match happening
are there any cash back offer on rides??
how r you
Hey, I need a full talktime plan. Can you recommend?{task}
ok ok i.m not interest
I need setc bus
taxi
mumbai indians and kolkata knight riders
ok see u later
who play now
show my reminder
remember me every one and half hour
fly1000 code is not working ?
hi
kkr match shedule
what s score now cricket match
can you apply code paybyom
I want to activate DND on my phone
hey can you find me the nearest theatres list
n about gujrat lion
thanks dude
कल किसी और को बोलना बात करने के लिए
wht match we have _date_
i need some medicine to be delivered can u help ?!?
How do I check my 3g/4g balance in airtel
is there any e bobby of sbi there
what is the duration for the movie rangoon
do you guys book?
can i get up-to-date point table of all the teams
whats the scor
please show me trains from kcg to dli for sleeper (sl) on 06-03-2017.
who are the current batsmen
saraswathi nagar bangalore
who is batting on creez
do u like watching movies
nothing yet
thanks...shruti👍
oh, this window is only for reminders?
Pl wake me up tomorrow morning
is there any offer in bill payment
no.. u called me 1 hour ago..
no more thanks
9591360759 airtel karnataka
kkr is loss the match
i don't want reservation just i need some information about dine hill restaurant buffet
who is the leading run scorer this season
trian
Hi,  i am looking for a swimming class nearby
reserve table dine with drink
all the matches
set a reminder for 8:27pm
Is der any place near by where I get a pizza
hey...i want to get some details about the flight of surat to bhavnagar??
remind me of going to dilshuknagar 12 pm today
dominoz
inbox brookfield
bus ?
schedule table
i did not use my debit card last night but this automatically happened
pay all bills and submit tax proofs at allsec
what s the nrr and what is the scenario ahead for india to qualify
Seat No?
ok i will check cashback
i have mobile banking only
i don't want to go to that atm
oh can you book a ticket in bus
hello?
45 mins
hw r u ?
hotel sai prabha is there
Emirates for dubai
in madurai
Remind me to call sagar & jainam for mad on 29th Sept, 8 am. Be punctual because sagar won't wait.
bye ,we will meet tomorrow
"		i would like to cancel my reminder to 'feed fishes' for everyday at 09:15 pm { reminder_list: 490808, user_id: 1013531, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
sealdah station near hotel
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 05:39 am { reminder_list: 637829, user_id: 1961865, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
thanks sagar
mentioned already?
good evening ahead
send me updates of scores
i am looking for car wash
hasan i want some help
send me the detail for tomorrow
hye
Coimbatore telugu running mvs
is there any nearby cyber cafe which is open now?
to go to temple
will you find e'd hardy showroom for me
i told you that rcb got second position in vivo ipl
looking at review, i would like to give second thought
no thanks. .
new mv pls
will it be open now??
Show me some stuff
Remind me for evry half n hour to send msg to my GF
now shall i book cab with you guys or nor
anytime after 9:00
Is there anh other service centre nearby
hey you can help me for check the available mobile in ipramukh store in valsad
i want a reminder of gtg microprocessor observation book on every sunday at 8pm
yes find d showtime in omaxe agra
What was the ticket price of habibganj to gadarwara by janshatabdi express
on train
remind me to buy tomatoes
who will get into playoff if kkr wins their match against srh _date_
3
i want to sum information from you
pardon me,r u a bot or human?
in which gate number.. they will give tickets fr tdy test match
i need chat
can you check for flight tickets from mumbai to delhi on 9th march
which movie is currently running in alamkar theater nagpur{task}
I want to recharge my mobile whose number is 9716689070 of airtel i want to know minutes call for 30 day
i love to chat with u lady
i do via paytm
bill payment offers??
score n over please
thanks in advance
any car graffics design
what do you think n who will win
cab from
hey, can you set a wake up alarm for me?
had your launch
fan
train tickets
show indigo flight
can u remind me to call daikon customer care
tapavn train date 01/03/2017
who am i talking to???
what is the cost for small and midium size for corn pizza
sorecard please
Find me a mens salon nearby
Fimd chinese van in near my location
book a cab
Is there any discount offers in barbeque nation?
don't place the order
Call on Monday at 9 pm to add mom points
oru mexican aparatha by tom immatty
Suggest me a good 3-4 days package to Goa or some Hill station. Date: immediately next day of this Diwali.
hey, can you set a reminder for me to call someone?{task}
mere no cash back hai kiya.
send me a picture of ipl trophy
thank you pradeep
today news at 1.35pm
no i just download this app i am not understanding how its function
i asked for hotel bookinh
Please cancel my reminders
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 08:00 am { reminder_list: 580014, user_id: 1249638, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Book 11025    1 ticket sleeper coach
i am planning to go to patna on 12 march
after 45 mins
wts ticket price fa d match held on _date_
Change the time to 11 please
accha sun na daniel
The terminal is at international or domestic airport
can u help me with trains from delhi to vaishnav devi temple
Whatis the nearest railway station from Shirdi Temple?
yes done
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 05:00 am { reminder_list: 706975, user_id: 1982312, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
excellent app
12/30/1899
i don't know , i know only the theater name
kabab mehal
can you buy me ticket for _date_ match in mumbai
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 691235, user_id: 1979173, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
next day i have already purchased ticket from haptik
first you get the menu
ahemdabad
any offer for booking ride ?
quck
I already have reliance sim, how to convert it to reliance jio 4g
had your dinner...??
cancel wake up call for today
Pizza rate please
5253
pvr ghaziabad whose movie watch
dental hosp
Hey dear please tell train fare
the habib's saloon that u provided is not functional
harry up
send sms to 9100044006
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 05:30 am { reminder_list: 701629, user_id: 1346634, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
when is this , i will do by haptik
i want one about bus route
not junagadh dist
during processing the payment
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 708411, user_id: 1982800, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
srinagar
running train seemanchal exp.02.03.2017
any cashback available on recharge please check
can you tel me match between india vs south africa worm up match _numeral_
i wanna go to anthapur from majestic bangalore
Restaurent
are u a human ?
need pediatrician
please confirm me once that is there any offers available for new users
It's a date reminder
i have product that is to be picked up
no anything
chk agn price are high
i want to eat dal chawal
flight jet air 9w 328 which terminal tekoff in ahmedabad
phoobsering
manicktalla one
after match of dd vs kkr
it cancelled the ride ??
oh sorry i just cross checked
what are the best rated movies till date
who won the ipl matches till _date_ this season
Purva express
501 kohinoor square malleshpalaya main road near medihope hospital above icici bank near malleshpalaya bus stand bangalore 560 075
12/30/1899
on 15 march
need to know disc
but i want vijayawada only not in other places ok
"kazi nazrul islam mahavidyalaya,	kabitirtha	churulia	burdwan 	pin.713368	iska location btaiyega"
so if they are coming for inquiry there
please keep on updating me
please send payment link again
only in the day time
and whose match is it _date_ in the evening
hey ,i want lenovos customer care number
view my reminders.
where can i order food
r u interested in sex
yash what is ur age
mi dd score
hi need cab
i don't want to find trains i want to find cng pumps
cap
what heppand my 1900 rs
oky,,can u book a tatkal ticket
by the i m medical store owner
send me latest score
Plz 2-3 time giv  reminder me...
"how can i off this remainder...	i had completed my course"
what's the offer
pnr check
hey, i want to book a flight ticket.{task}
any axis atm? near to me
i need ur help in  search the specialist of cancer
the list u gave me is price less
What is the birth and seat no
disable it
who s playing nw
ok what time will arrive at rani
hi cashback
is this a elimination game
Hdfc bank near to my current location
hello haptik
Mahesh wake upo
no i just want the time schedule
send address
who won afternoon match
ok not what i want !
kal kon jita tha
nd i will do it from there
i am looking for carpet labour
goodbye and take care! good night
rps vs gl
what do you think who is going to win this ipl s _numeral_
How to go to egmore
once again thank you haptic
pls don't remind me anymore to drink water
28o9516487
I want no calls from  your end to wake me up remember
who was win last match
detalis
8765917487
hi mahesh.. can u co fir. if the pizza hut in gold souk is functioning
select city walk
how many contacts
are u ankita?
sry i can't share my location...
i don't know. look at your end
kannada
What is the running status of this train
Ok... Set a reminder in regular intervals from morning 8
When is the next train from yasvantpur to tumkur?
remember me at 8.15 pm to pick some one from airport.
Cab in surat
i need some time to decide
I don't want reminder
i have complaint against the carpenter you have sent
can you give me some information about haptik?
tqsm.
can you find me nearest movie theater
mtlb
it's not booking
i want to cab
anything near kalyani nagar , koregaon park and vimannagar ... good restaurant
do rcb have any chance to qualify
emi punto
nope it's a restaurant
rcb okay kitne match hogye abtk is ipl me
thanjavur to chennai 05/03/17 second class berth one no.
Delhi to Allahabad bus ticket
I want seen movie in raj mandir cinema
way to mysore from bangalore best mode
great. thanks
pachmarhi,mp
_date_ kis ka match hai kaha hai
cheapest fare
what is the movie playing in arjun theatre kukatpaly
I was looking for the travel package om De whole
Movies screening at elante
Hello i book suvidha express 2 ticket
I am not getting reminder poped
no thanks kevin
Here able to book cab
provide me the live ipl score please
hey tell me some trivia about icc t _numeral_ world cups
ji nahi.. dhnyawaad.
pls remind me for meeting
to karbala
5/3/2017
goa express
_date_ s match rcb won or not
chote score
at vijayawada today 3r 4
i want to cancel my alarm
yuppo india will win
any news on toss puneet
there must be _numeral_ other requests coming right now
Tel me at sapna multiplex theater bidar
departure date 9th april 2017
ty
shop no 9 axis bank
is it better than app in cricbash
bus stind
can u call me for the reminder with the name
143 pooja
sorry april 26th
310 refund karo
yew
sure buddy
restaurant near by churchgate mumbai
what is _date_ s schedule for the world cup
is it in english for sure?
thanks a lot meenakshi
gulbarga to vijayawada
delete ever alarm
about the pay
chack now
monica mera ek problem hai
i have done the work
thnx.
ok, but yesterday i was charged 690 for the ticket amount of 665
there is a flight missing i guess
1 march time is 7:30 am
Travel packages for Kerala
any date this week
no that's it thanks
Can you book ticket from bhadravathi  to banglore train on 6/09/2016
Any hdfc
Can u remind to take -homoeopathic medicine after every 4 hours daily..right from 9am till 9 pm on mobile no. 09987790014..Abhinav mittal
is thus shop is open at this tym ??
I want to cancel some reminders
need best flight rates
pitch conditions
daily 6am
I want to go to Coorg from guntur may I have any packages
Iob atm near me
offer hai kya
grrt match
whome do you think will win according to d present situation
thank you very much sachin
my daughter is 3years old i have to pay for her also
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sun, 05 march at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 722907-722908-722909-722910, user_id: 1742977, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
ticket's
i want to go h.p. from here after
can u suggest me one
6 am today
offers
does it get cancelled if tickets not confirmed
on 3rd march
what is the payment option that got selected?
listen! i have a question
Hi . How to go to mayapur from kolkata howrah? By train or by bus . Fare should be around 100 bucks
logan in nandyal
Hi.. I ve requested many times to delete all wake alarms.. Still I m getting everyday n getting disturbed
not metro
have a great day
Good family restaurant in washim
thank you !
march 15 2017 - ravi bhaiya album 4:00 pm
worst service by u ppl
hi can u find mcdonald's near me..??
i just wanted to refund my money to bank
Hey Do you have any offer on DTH recharge
share some coupon applicable ob online food order
Can u plz tell me the  movies releasing this friday
and what about kolkata
watching it
wanted all the remaining matches of mi
we have a tata indicash atm at our village
let's reschedule visit vaidehi ubale sid
can u tell me best n cheap villa in goa
who won _date_ match manal
it is digha
is there any cashback or offers on making postpaid bill payments?
right now i m only gulmohar hotel
can you change it to 11pm
show me available dates
4541511755
air fare from kolkata to amritsar?
i wan details about all records in the ipl statics
how can i make an everyday reminder?
nt at 6
but i am alone right now. first let me find someone who can go with me.
rate card?
dude. are you crazy.
remind after 2 hours
do you guys work all night??
tell me the matches timings for evening
3 snooze
ali
then why you charged extra 531 rs???
rajmohalla tak kya charge lageng
yhanks shruti
prepaid recharge
can you tell me the distance between kali temple and my location
Is there a restaurant that can deliver at this time ?
We are planning to go Goa on December 27
yes it was really helpful nill be grateful if you let me knw more
what is indias score
Hi..  Need the best flight deals for Delhi to Guwahati for 8th October and return on 12th Oct
Where is the nearest dominos
Best offers
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 4 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 714261, user_id: 1984105, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
hey shraddha can you tell me the match schedules of _numeral_ ipl
Can you please turn off this reminder now
thank you :)
12105 yesterday
"		i want to know availability and fare in ac 3 tier (3a) in train number 19707{product_id:19707_bdts_abr,api_name:trains_api}"
byee
thanku so much shruti
close water reminder immediately
Hi can u tell me about nearest optical shop
where is the todays match
i guess u got me wrong
are u ai
is kohli gone
delhi team is coached by dravid
i want cancel train ticket
well looks like i need little more time to understand all this
gf chaiye thi😅😅😅
gd eve
thanks much vanisha!
recharge nhi karvana
kab tak
Can u tell me in which theatre this movie is going?
i need flight travel info from mumbai to grenoble. it can be connecting flight but only jet airways.
for how many days is this offer valid
my location is rajkot gujarat
date any
sure thank you
recharge 342 offer of vodafone
done!! u guys are great :)
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 723299, user_id: 1985921, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
tell me the nearest dance class
u too take care
i want a restaurant where momos are available
monday afternoon
malayalam movies
welcome sneha
ummn..i think there is sum confussion...
one more flight for same date
remind me to relax tomorrow at 9:15 am?
Call to 9071773811
my destination is not showing
ok.. thanks..
manju wall branding mail folliw up send to manju by 4.30 pm today
contact number of suzuki showroom at imamwada near jj hospital
ok
Hello call me at 7.30
match scorecard of gujarat lions
can you please tell me the team of rcb
Hi good morning.I m planning to book a flight ticket to delhi from chennai on nov 19.i would like to know when would it be cheaper to book a flight i:e before 30 days,before 45 days or something
ooook
can you update the scores in every _numeral_ mins
10th October for aadhar card enrollment at 9 am
Refund status?
check the least price for the movie in kochi
нι
no ,you are doing this work ?
?{task}
hey can u give me a call for reminding me
Places to visit in khargar
have you heard baahubali??
changes
9/3/2017
cleartrip?
yes .. this one.. was looking for this address
any good healthy restaurant near judges bungalow ahmedabad
i don't want sorry... this time is not perfect
is it is apoint table
i have money in my wallet
ok i'll book in a while
m looking for a good restobar nearby
i want to pay post paid bill of airtel
For Lko can u find trains
aah.... checked urban clap before haptik
what is nrr in that table
need updates for india vs pak whenever it will start
so hungry
good night akshay.
not confirmed
say me the score of rbc
the train i asked erlier
s then. i am not clear about this
first of all tell me about my previous recharge details
any offers in recharge
give
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 03:00 am { reminder_list: 687792, user_id: 1797825, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Stop the alarm for tomorrow
order me a pizza
do domino's has online payment availability
thank you hope we win
How to reach dlf promenade from munirka dda bus stand
ya i got that
i want nearest massage center
Hey plz tell me whicha are the latest movies on screen near me
Looking for transportation to jodhpur from. Mumbai on 7th December
or cashback
this player had good stats
you not giving offers for me so i not recharge in haptik yesterday i done a recharge for more than 1000 rs in tapzo they giving offers and cb but you don't giving me offers so when will offers available in haptik
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for sat, 04 march at 04:13 am { reminder_list: 701854, user_id: 1965639, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
What the time of bhuj exp
a was reach atm
could you please remove
7 march  sg 3274 spice jet pnr m8nlpz
Switch off all reminders
where
Hi could you help me with a restaurant booking?
but its getting late
no cashback
active
may i know vodafone new 28 in offer
Hey remember me to pay my class fees  on oct 9 @ 8 am
how???
Reminder to order tiles to bath decor design number 61758 - 40pcs
bhiaya
ok dear
Hi Renuka. Hope you are well. I have to travel from delhi to Amsterdam. Dates 22-27 October. Flexible by  1 day.
dilshad garden
sorry, wrong text
kal ka match kon jita
need to discuss with minarva hotel v.p
will u give me the railway time table of shyaldah to caning local
wats the dopes of flight per hour
maps
8pm today reminded me
Best data plans for Vodafone
Flight to dubai, how much does it costs
sad news
wich won tem
first u tell me any discount here for the train booking /
i will do it later
Is incoming roaming free on reliance gsm?
how can i transfer money..?
can you up to date me when ipl start
one more medicine
Where is nearby wine shop??
will i get mail??
i want to go goa.. please tell me packages
What's the cost from Bangalore to Noida by flight ?
i have booked the ipl tickets for _date_ april _numeral_ mumbai v s pune at wankhede stadium
thanks. you too!
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sun, 05 march at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 717701-717702-717703-717704-717705-717706, user_id: 1984596, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Flights
and 50 cashback ?
hi malavika
how can i end this chat?
salad
night food junction
Luve ststus of vananchal express
8156893105 status please
what about cashback offers on mobile recharge
How many seats are available in train number 04425 in 3AC from kollam to bhopal
no words to describe how pathetic 😩 its means ??
yes little busy thanks
vadodara to goa train
swiggy coupons please
Hi Puneet any train seat availability ndls to spj near 28 Oct
wake me up daily at 8 in the morning
study m3 with awez at 10.00 am today
i did not receive any receipt till now
your service is 24/7?
no budget
Dnt give call just txt me up
pak australia
kent shop kalyan
yr ye aap concept to thik hai... n aap employs ho
now one more.ticket pl
train from puna to lucknow
thank u hasan sure
wht r the new movies today
local bus services
i would like with offer
4541558777
can you assist me finding a gpo?
can you remind me 2 hours before?
i want distance from mgbs to tharnka
Hi order 1fresh lime from cafe delight and delivery address Office
royal challengers have a chance
full match detail please
how mi win
today also i got the message,  that the issue is resolved by jasbeer the technician
Remind me for court date at 9.53 am today
in mumbai
to me kya kru?
no..thanks
Now I want to remove that reminder
to
hey reminder of what?
what is cc in 🚆 bogie
tomorrow 9 am
read it again
visited
my pnr no. 8412579282
"pnr:6361885459,train:13164,doj:02-03-17,sl,hcr-sdah,dep:20:36,	uttam das,s6 48,	fare:240,sc:0.0 pg ins agent chgs, if any"
my reminder was already set so thnx for this time
Time of return flight bangalore to raipur indigo
at 9.30 am
Hie good non veg restaurant in powai
Vodafone to vodafone free calls ka koi recharge hota he ?
hi pooja how r you
Nearest HDFC ATM
no it's done for the day!
what is the team of dd in current match
Plan for darjelling
computech institute nwada
ithink yesterday also you only kept the  reminder right?
may i know who is replying me of my messages
ohh yehhhh
holi
any hindu temples near by here
thanks for remind me
need wheel chair for jet air ways flight BOM LKO
sure will let u know
well it s not an ipl question but i was wondering when the indian cricket team plays next n where
dumb people.
can u set a reminder for me?
what's up shruti
who is reshma?
mis send
I want to change the first reminder
I want Papa John's pizza
check availability at platinum resort lonavala
any bms offer
movie siguttha offer
is there a ladies quota
mujhe cvv no. kahin nahi dikhraha hai kaise pata chalga
********
can i speak something and this app is follow my word like my assistant
Whichever has seats available
destination - sarvottamnagar sabarmati ahmedabad
same details for march 15
i need a contact no of hotel royal manali
near by malls??
can i get ipl tickets on _date_ hyderabad match
cn you tel current score nw
if already set, then why didnt you remind me
what is the price rate of cabs in lucknow
oh ok
"		i would like to cancel my to-do: saloni for sat, 29 april at 07:00 am { reminder_list: 724667, user_id: 1461091, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
kkr matches in may
SBI atm
mumbai indians points
I want know train timings tmrw
Trains from Indore to Bhopal on 14 sept
mira road
butterfly electric indection stove service center in bangalore
where is kandriy vidhyalye
@6pm
the updated list as after day _numeral_
Why are you giving reminders again in the morning.. Its for 9 30 PM
can you tell me some amazing facts of cricket
can you please just send me the present situation of the match
about _date_ match details
hey, can you send me regular reminders to drink water 💧 ?
from hyderabad airport to banjara hill road no 12
what would the kerala trip cost
I had not get reminder
set another reminder {type: anniversary}
exit
kfc bucket
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 625546, user_id: 1926519, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
ok 2 hour
to deposit cheque tomorrow at 9:30 am
getting error in selecting pickup
French fries
Can i check in at hotel after 1 hour... ?
can you please send me coupon
not train
i am unable to see the scores
SRS Muktsar movie
i'll do it tomorrow.  wanted to understand the procedure
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 489942, user_id: 1905542, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
jiii
tuesday to friday
no i dont want
just to keep you informed that the pickup location tokk by the application is wrong
i am very happy by ur services
hotels
so it's wl 4?
not now.
can you please tell me where will we get best rajma rice in gurgaon
Ok when will the train arrival at bilimora station?
Movies in Vellore
any food delivery option available now
what you think mi will loss aur win
19038 3rd ac
book one can from my location
Any offer on delivery via scootsy
ok now i got it
can u delete this notifier for me
sorry mistakenly typed
any restaurant for 12 people??...not buffet
U know one thing srijan   In irctc  the fare  415 rs
set a daily alarm as a call for me
bandra to phalna
enaku passport eh illa
yusuf pathan sixes
Gnt
when the match is going to start _date_
see this screenshot
kl
I need to book a cab
its refundable or not
wake up at 5:45 am today
want to book a cab
please send the boarding passes for my air india flight
any offer on train ticket
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 685859, user_id: 1840582, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
हि
where can i find, nearby idea showroom
thanks shilpa :)
the app simply awesome
Same theatre same time another ticket please
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 05:05 am { reminder_list: 687229, user_id: 1902896, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
same to you dear
Hi. Please give me a wake up call at sharp 9 am today, i.e. On 15th.
i want to go goa
"		i would like to cancel my reminder to 'lank announce' for mon, 06 march at 02:49 pm { reminder_list: 693744, user_id: 1943447, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
how do you feel india lost the match
can u tell me how to alibagh from kharghar
thanks ankita
hi can you please confirm the current status of train pnr status
Wats the timing of train for garibrath
can you cancel the ride please
any offer today?
dahiser to aslfa
any more medical shop near to this
done😝
dibrughar ,assam
where can i get stamps made near byculla mumbai?
refrigerator repair shop?
kunal pandiya run score
I need 20 star hotel
i want to know probable playing xi for _date_ s game
na muje playing eleven batya na hi pitch report
which player having orange cap
Price of pink movie in sterling
Is there any place for veg tunday kabab
Pls call n remind me every hour
wat r u doing dear,...
tq for the call
i have to reschedule the flight
alibaug
Can u help to find aditya mahal theatre in vizinagaram
what's this all about?
hotel is near
you can shiba sir
i again want u remind me
Places to visit today in goa
hello melissa
itne din ho gye ek bhi offer nhi diya😖😖😖😖😬
If WL how we can book the ticket. If I can book shall u confirm me??
who won evening match
please send me the full scoreboard
Can you pls tell me how many theatre in kerala does have the relice of the filim MS Dhoni the untold story
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 02:00 pm { reminder_list: 287517, user_id: 1672423, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i dint use my coupon of 15 percent cashback yet, it's not showing when i try to pay bill
is this rcb are out from tournament
I want cab to go gachibowli nanakramguda from kothapet omini hospital can you please help me
thankq
i'll c
please give me the schedule of matches in pune
thank you as of now
children hospital
when is the india vs australia match
_date_ s match will start at _time_ or _time_
bsnl lian no.
from pune to adonee
Where can I get a reliance Jio or Airtel sim today
gud nyt & have a g8 day !!
Can i get food delivery in train while traveling?
do yuraj is playing _date_
which movie released last friday ?
the fare is very high
i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 12:34 pm { reminder_list: 706811, user_id: 1713805, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
I want Bus ticket from dehradun to Delhi ..on today
thanks for unlinking it
Ok...... Can you tell me the best journey to travel from nit calicut to bhimavaram, andhra pradesh on rail and road
Ajmer to bhopal 4-Nov seat availability in any train
ok .....
ji mm yh janna chata hu ki
Morning time koi call ya reminder nahi tha
8254800316 is my pnr number please give me some more details my seat are conform ya not conform
reminder
i just want clarification
no time preferences
Stop calling me for reminder, just send a notification, thank u
scholar
semifinal
all r right
pls tell.me the way of bandra kurla complex  from nafa
i am already on my way
how much tym
12534 sleeper
Popaye movie release date
spice jet
where is bank of india
get me the menu of kfc
view my reminder {task}
pls remind me to carry medical bills tom
Hey can you book me nordest  lemon mint resort in Goa
tickets are costly
marathi film
unable to recharge
why so
Nearby cash depositing machine sbi bank
"flight booking	departure city: chennai	arrival city: kolkata	departure date: march 26, 2017	number of adults: 3"
pooja it's rani khera main bus stand
i want plumber
also can u suggest a birthday gift
hey, i want to book a flight ticket.
good morning meenakshi
good evning
Any Tamil movies near me?
make it quick
and cheap and good beaty parlor too
Actually I have to give wake up call to someone else
Mohini
done thank you
hmm thanks bolo ab
update me over by over
i want to go in ac chair car
loni khushal park near
monthly star mail
thanks for info i will get back to u later
DoCoMo store
What movies r available
Is there any bus or train facilities from Visakhapatnam to dananjodi (oddissa)
"		i would like to cancel my reminder to 'interview at chanakya school between 10am-3pm' for sun, 05 march at 09:30 am { reminder_list: 707533, user_id: 1432812, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
couple restaurent ya any hut ?
Tv repair
"pnr:2127446670,train:12448,doj:03-03-17,sl,nzm-mba,dep:20:10,	atul khare,rac 25,	fare:345,sc:0.0 pg ins"
haha... great!!! in both the cases haptik is awesome.
abids
Net cafe
logan j want to watch
No don't call mr
can you get me points table
19713 train from jaipur to rajasthan can u say the seat availability of it on 6th may
match for _date_
how many runs he had scored
what s the table like now
Can you tell me about flight tickets from delhi to Patna
any offer for rechrge ?
what s happening in india vs bg
which team is enter in playof
there
any contact number
can u help
3/5/2017
will you be able to help
Can you give pind Baluchi restaurant menu?
when will i get to know the schedule for _date_ onwards
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 07:35 pm { reminder_list: 724127, user_id: 1986211, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
pak score card
speaker plaza shops
Possible here any dominos , pizza hut or any like that available??
610/ is showing refund money for the cancellation of train ticket
Arriving time of Kanyakumari express to Chennai Egmore on 20-9-2016
i want to add one more remainder
find me a best budget package for jaisalmer from Delhi in January for 5days ,4persons
plz send me no of kenya airlines
ok i need to wake up at 8.15 from sunday to thursday in everymonth
tooo
remind me for jalaram quotation
apple store near by
I had requested for a change of name of one of the passengers for the chennai Kolkata flight for which I am still waiting for the fresh ticket from the airline or your end.
My nearest restaurant
Tomorrow shows in movie time malad
which teams are going to play _date_
at 8.30
in mira rd
can you call them and check
Can u find me any Public toilet room nearby  ?
low budget
Find route to go gurgaon
How to egg variety
is it uber
in tatkal
kon jeetega
not remind me anything. just let me know how to deactivate haptik.
hi vipul
Please cancel today's remainder
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 08:30 pm { reminder_list: 601294, user_id: 1288809, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Can you please find films at my nearest theaters
no david! i wil be back to you
ovrs
l want 19a l suppose it is free one please make sure of that
"		i would like to view more reminders. { user_id: 1907250, offset: 5, api_name: exotel }"
Whether any Tamil movie running in Bangalore
letting you know i need to know the score
freecharge mobile recharge ofers
show my last booking
which team is going win nwhat do you think
team stage rising pune supergiants
want book cab now
remind me to enjoy my life daily at 8 am
whyhave you stopped calling mefor reminding to drunk water
Subway in Jodhpur location???
Also remind me to complete the dare
Show me the live status of kalingautkal express
my fare was more than 100 , bcoz of my discount coupon i got 20%discount
madam g update ni diya apne
i have asked for jaisalmer
Need a place to visit in thekkady...planning for DEC 13 and 14th..
I want to cancel the ticket of train my plan was change
hi david
can you please suggest something only restaurant type property no hotel
i need a 24*7 maid
can u help me with a female skin specialist in south kolkata area jodhpur park.
thank you guys. it's the great app. how can i rate it on play store
i had water
when is the next match for rising pune supergiant
sorry the area would be goa
did you watch it
then remind me to select restraunt today at 11 am. .
any others?
tomorw morning 5:30
i am in the train
*me
can you give a score once again nsayali
u can...fix the time
cricbuzz hai madam uske liye
Find me the nearest redmi service center soon
,😂
i need to set a wakeup call every fridays at 8am and 8:05am and 8:10am.
hi sneha...how are you
can you tell me the dates of matches all
thanks padma
Near by federal Bank
howrah station
do you know hero alom
day
Hey babe I want to go Mumbai central so which number bus shall I go
16gbor 32gb
Non sleeper with excess bagage
bangalore to calcuta this monday?
any recharge offer/coupon?
both team innings
salut comment ca va
hey, i'm searching for a tree plantation center near lonavala
thank you shruti for reminding
any other nearby one
"		i would like to view more reminders. { user_id: 1985543, offset: 5, api_name: exotel }"
details?
jhaji rohit bhaiya
how do i get the live updates
can u call
reminder me will on tomorrow, "give money to vishal" at 10:00 am
Wht is cost for 12615 ticket
i did received conformation from the operator.
12321 at cheoki today
Stop reminder today
I want to know the current live status of train no. 22113
yyy
urban clap had called and i have told them whole story,they told they will contact that e carpenter and get back but till now no communication
if my coupon is applicable on recharge then yes otherwise no
How to book a cab
i need a ride
Ola cab ka rent kya hai
what is kings _numeral_ punjab s position in ipl
send me the score of the match after every over
any offers.?
9845273645, airtel
can you send the last bill payment receipt 305 to my engdramesh@gmail.com
ok can you help me with places to visit in kolkata
good afternoon rohini
Near by any dry cleaning shops at madhapur  in Hyderabad
no i am down with pox
total runs of sunrisers
aa gaya hero
"please show me return flights from hyderabad to mumbai 		onward date - 14 march	return date - 16 march"
ok cool
cal me at today 11.59pm
8656557064 pnr status
movies at palakkad
buddy
reminder me at twice a day to drink water
any code
any offers or coupon code?
send mail
happy night
who s going to win
Hotel?
choolaimedu to ooteri distance
Can u find me cheapest air tkt
How to stop this 30 min reminder for water
i just want information
Marshed, I have two electronic appliances that are not working, a microwave oven and an induction cook top. Could you suggest a nearby repair service?
pune to dli for 19 apr  ac
yeah! thanka i hv take that medi.
hi pooja i want uber
every friday reminder to take book at 4.35 pk
rworld
because you are my boy friend
ok then remind me when available
not now but i'll say
i want to book tickets of test match ind vs eng
any offer on electricity
i need some internet first
no i am not intrested
chikana pizza
Hello can you find me nearest authorised sony service center
Can u plan a trip if i give u the requirements?..like the budget, location,no of days nd so on
theke bta kaha h mere ghr ke pass
wha se ho nhi rha hai
suggest me some rolls wraps
offers on train tickets?
what time is the india pakistan match
can you send me last year hyderabad ipl team
thank you naresh
of ccd
please share the scorecard
yep , thanks.
hi any recharge coupon
Give me theatre name
yes i know
bhairav nagar pune to anandi pune
Menu of Royal Indian hotel
lucknow
other than this
hey kartik , actually i had already booked a ticket but can you tell me about the waiting list no. of my ticket?
"		i want to know availability and fare in ac chair car (cc) in train number 12796{product_id:12796_sc_gnt,api_name:trains_api}"
pnr:8544135161
please tell me some more interesting ipl news
gdca classes near my area and mumbai central or western
hoping for the same nail biter
one help
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 22662{product_id:22662_mnm_ms,api_name:trains_api}"
How much a person from Samsung would take, considering there is only a minor glitch in my tv
find me a nearby gym please..
popular criminal lawyear my locality
please send me some restraints with offers on delivery in mundhwa pune
Can u suggest nearby swimming classes? Or any tutor regarding this
i am asking for beach resort not to book a flight
Repair my sofa
Ok set it
What package for kurg  karnataka
can you remind me to mail edmund from chalkandstone regarding the case study.
which team shall win _date_
parth - 18/12/2011
Resort near pune
no its ohk{task}
kindly off my water drinking reminder
Hi could you please remove the daily wake up alarm.?
drink  water
this is how you share score
ride already completed in the morning
yes please give the live updates
on june 26
Air tickets to Delhi pls
14-3-17
is ter any gym nearby ?
cinemax
"can you review my reminders for manchester united's matches.... 	i guess some of the dates have changed.. 	or some new matches might have been added"
Zahara.. Cancel my reminder
is there any match of pune in wankhade
hi vandhana gd ofternoon
no thenx
any match which have done in delhi kotla
may i know the flight fare from kochi to nainital
how many score
how is delhi performing
i got an error saying page not found
the car is too far
Any SBI nearby?
kindly wake me up at 8 am tomorrow
Rail reservation details
hi what are the flight charges to manila
on 7th march
okey let me see
Lenovo service center in Mumbai nearby Andheri & ghatkoper.
Pls tell me the running status of kerala express
ipl high score
non veg restaurants  near RR.Nagar
hsdjbdkdhd
hi. can you save up a to do list for me?
Please remove my all reminder
thank you for on time score update
birthday
thanks but i have already bottle of water.
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for wed, 08 march at 10:30 am { reminder_list: 705912, user_id: 1919208, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
_date_ match score
i had submited mah form for haptik
where are your office
my ride is completed but yet it is showing confirmed
Any courier service nearby Jaipuria mall
book a cab plz
try now
Also need a call on Friday and Saturday.
who iz captain
No call from AC engineer tillnow
shell petrol station on ahemdabad and before mehsana
Can you also please call a number i send and give him a wake up call?
samiksha,does it valid for electricity bill
flight to bangalore from ahmedabad on 05/03/2017
no cab needed.  sorry
what will be the final cost?
can you tell me the review
hello sir mera recharge rog number ho giya he sir
cheapest ticket in faridabad
can you give the brendam maicculam sixes
cancel 5:35am on wed 01 march
uber cab booking
will moonlight release in india?
last night s match please
gud afternun
Any jio store near by?
where is the dhobighat located in us
tks
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 05:20 am { reminder_list: 698612, user_id: 972176, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 693756, user_id: 1979952, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want movie tickets
Reminde me to switch off my mobile after 2 hour
friday this week
Do we have a train from Indore to Lucknow on 6th October
Bengali food festival I'm banjara hills
Can you please tell me what is fare and waiting list for the train from Dadar to Anand for 4 people in Sleeper class
send me list of ipl winner
Can help me to buy costitution of india book in both malayalam and english
thanks alot
i really hate it without csk
indian team players on zimbabwe and west indies tour
mumbai to bangkok
No I have already booked a ticket
refund
uber go..?
Can u suggest some list of PG for ladies in  tumkur, karnataka
dine in
don't remind again for drinks water
end of every match
nop...as of know sorry..
Hey can I know the cheapest way to reach manali?
i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 10:09 am { reminder_list: 279482, user_id: 1848048, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
ok sure maam ☺
hi need to cancel my bookings
i want to know the fare
any offer for electricity bill ?
Distance from Vadodara to Patna??
had shared ticket earlier
Get me cheap flights
aircel recharge
what is this?
mammal, anna nagar
can you give some random fun facts regarding ipl
Ask treebo.. 5 guests, 2 rooms, 36 hours... Max budget 6 7 k..
okay, thanks
me travel kr skta hu ya nai
Nearest CAT, GMAT coaching classes
its a computer
on every day
i want to point tebal
kitni der tak wait karna
todays match please
remind later
check fr shriman
which movie is on, in mandi dabwali darpan cinema
can u tell mi nearast swiming pool
can u send me the scheduled stops and approx timings
Comic con tickets??
any offers on train?
can u help  with the menu
Dear Rishabh Jalan * 1-Your Indigo PNR is B47WJL for sector DEL - MAA,Departure from DEL on Fri-09Sep2016 07:30@5168/= from easemytrip.com
please send the updates
3 of my frds booked tickets with you
For dinner all hotels r open or closed
i need to recharge 99 rs jio prime offer
"		i would like to cancel my call mili reminder for fri, 03 march at 02:12 pm { reminder_list: 692057, user_id: 1979435, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
I want to book an air ticket from mumbai to kochi
who is ankita
reminder to pick up a document
Navina cinema pink timings
mujhe eco park jana h.. kitna waqt lgegaa???
the text should read buy chocolates for pari
i donot get these on emails
Wall painting
Is at empress mall
good app
Shimla
Chinese restaurant in Chennai
who won the previous game
nothing else thank you..😊
ans schedule 2 calls
20th October need food at lunch time at Howrah to SSPN train
any disconuts
who will win the ipl according to you
for refund
"it's time, karan! let's get started on your to-do list!	task - register maurti"
cabs are there in belgaum
pls rem8nd me to attend meeting at 12.40 today
how are the prices
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 727178, user_id: 1960534, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
wackup call 6:30
Tirur to calicut train for tomorrow
pl modify meeting reminder with mr debjyoti today at 3-45 pm. to tomorrow at 3-45 pm.
Hi what are the trains today from ahemdaba to mumbai this evening
Search flights from Chicago to Mumbai
why dont i get coupons of cashback
Hi I would like to rent car/cab for 8 ppl can u help me?
axis hdfc
abhi
contact no
when is the next match in bangalore vikas
Spot the train 12191
book it now
i'll come back ms. renuka
had lunch
what kind of a service do they provide6
Get me a ticket for today
my samsung s7edge fell down today. a small crack on screen . what shall i do
Can u do one thing at 9.30pm every sat gve me reminder for medicine
its almost a week
winner will b in final right
i dont wanna drink water anymore
wat abt final
Tell ne the sony service centre in delhi
found
that's already done, thanks for the concern 😊
its another help
yes i really want to know regular updates of ipl
hi shreya, water pump service
The train status 12541
near airport
i want to book ticket bangalore to triuputhi on date 18/3/2017
10th march
how to cancel my..train ticket
timings changed
10.00am to 12.00pm
cam i get the scores please
but i m not able to recharge jio number
i have a child
11th march
i want to watch chowka movie
Show train times to Madurai from Erode today
when will match actually start
what is travelling time between pune to khamgaon
or do i go to book my show..
Nearby net centre
leading wicket taker
i have one doubt if i disconnected internet if it give remainder pls confirm
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 0:00 am to 8 am. { reminder_list: 570956, user_id: 1939792, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
har over okay baad update karte rehna
gl scoreboard
still i didn't get my receipt sir
is this applicable 2nd time also
"		i would like to cancel my meet rajesh sir reminder for fri, 03 march at 11:11 am { reminder_list: 690923, user_id: 1976752, task_name: meet_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want to set one more
vlshad to jothpur
patuli
i want courier service nearby
dude bat for _numeral_ okay
Hi Sanjoy! Can you help me with 1 train ticket to Delhi.
nail polish 💅🏻 shop
Set daily reminder for 8:30 am and pm to drink tonic syrup for the next 6 months
Any resorts near to Bangalore?
okkau
24 hours open restaurant name
Delhi to mumbai
for movie booking
Name of the hotel pleas
ha ha ha.. thanks..
Hey buddy. . . Plz STOP my all reminders related to water & wake up call for a time being
i want to know right now for booking
I want to watch new Hindi movie realese on 2016
hey , i am nt booking ticket now, probably in the next month i will book , so i will let you know whenever i want to book
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 12:05 pm { reminder_list: 700051, user_id: 1978979, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
score card not a points table
good morning baby i miss u
Hi can you check out the train schedule on 29th sept from Chennai to Pollachi
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 417637, user_id: 1894210, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
Tell me the show timings for pink today
Can u tell me the name of bus stops from hinjewadi to hadapsar
who is riddhi
no that's not the address
kindly book me an ola or uber plz
pune railway station
Paytm bus booking promo code please
need to set two reminders
check this
train tocket
no any time
not in the am
don't need any assistance from you
kohli is in
please change to 11am
i want to know  petrol pump nearby me
earlier
👍🏻
MI service station near me
no in which restaurant i can go m eat lasagna
sry sry
mr vikash can i book ticket for eden t _numeral_ final
I want to order pizzas
malvika responding
Trains from calicut(clt)to vadakara(bdj)
hi i want a scrap merchant to pick scrap from my home!
how much do you get paid
whose team won the match
there's this situation that is.. it's my bday coming up and i have about 15 of my friends and i was looking for a cheap fmgood place.. like i'm getting about a 1000 rd.. suggest some plans for the day
this remainders are available only we are in online?
Hi, can you send me suggestion for confirmed tickets by train from mumbai to lucknow on 27 Oct, 2nd, 3rd Ac preferred.
is ipl tickets available for tuesday match
please reply relevant to the query asked
means after discount
He visited our place and inspected the TV.  He took photos inside the TV and collected Rs 250. He promised that he would convey the charges tomorrow after verifying the availability of spares in the Board. That's all for now.
i jst want to check the price .... tomorrow in sundernagar himachal pradesh
Cancel call
are you able to book
zoo
Is there home service to format computer and instal upgraded windows and other softwares??
Is there any pool playing centre near by ??
do you think indian players should live
i did not receive cashback for my last ride.
r u sure
want to know whether the cab is available in my location or not
hey tgere
ur no
What are the available lounges at departure IGI t1
any update on my concern
i want bmw or audi
book tickets for final
highest target in ipl history
very expensive
what could i do with this app
star plus channel today's program timings
i hope i get up, i'm low on attendance.
need to g9 for hospital by  1 pm
ipl scores
hey can you order food for me right now
Hey can u give me some package for sounth india tour..
Skyking courier service
where is ankita??
when will it be prepared.?
Stop remainder please
i wanna ticket
Travel-Your ticket: Bagdogra-Delhi Dep:12:15 PM on 27 Sep Arr:14:25 PM on 27 Sep, IndiGo (6E-472), PNR: WGE9KX For: 1. Mr NAVEEN SONI 2. Miss NAVEENA SONI  Kindly report 2 Hrs before departure time.
Hy did u book d cab for mee
Can u place McD order for me in kopar khairane sector 4 navi mumbai
lonch in gulbarga
want to book cab
you will call or sms
kisna out kiya rohit ko
Suggestions for Good veg Chinese restaurants nearby me
kashipur
thanks for reminding every time it's awsome app
good afternoon. my dear archana.
muje appse milna he mam
can you book  a ticket for me on tommorws show
tum reminders aur nearby ak sath chala rahi ho ?
12250 ki availability batao aap on 9th oct.from delhi to dhanbad
delhi m ipl kb h
so when will electricity bill get processed
train seat availability on sunday from katpadi to bangalore
this application is not giving me water reminders
Any food outlets open near goregaon east with offers?
i want to cancel this reminder
if you have given me the recharge then you have to take the responsibility to reimburse me the deducted amount
shows
thanks :')
m asking about fitmiss gym
hyderabad pitch report
Please check seat availability in 12059 and 12060
i will try to download haptik on her phone
i wanted one more thing
i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 10:15 am { reminder_list: 557548, user_id: 512674, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
Any new movies?
is there any offer available ??
of mumbai indians match
plz provide personal no
offers on cabs
delete
today remind at 9:10pm for diya
I want to book tickek on 20 october in aravali express
is it available on veg sinhles
ping me only during rps match
virats score
Can I know the holiday package for  Dubai??? For dis cumin January month first week.. Totally 6 adults
what is d timing for _date_ match
I want recharge of 10 rs on my docomo sim
birat kohli ka score
samjha nahi madam
want a plumber to clean 3 water tanks
Hey..I want to activate dnd on my phone
is there was any record created by rcb
point table is not new
i want to know that ola/uber fare is not so much
Is there Subway nearby by any chance ?
is dir any best price available
can you tell me when will kolkata knight riders play
can you update me everyday until my ticket gets confirmed?
wake
"the current status of your booking in kalka mail      (12312) from allahabad jn (ald) to howrah jn (hwh) is -		passenger 1:	current status: w/l 15 (booking status: w/l 29,rlgn)	passenger 2:	current status: w/l 16 (booking status: w/l 30,rlgn)		class: sleeper (sl)	departure date: 05th march 2017	departure time: 05:20 pm		chart is not prepared yet."
yesterday i have cancelled the flight ticket
in mobile payment
ipl tickets venue bangalore _numeral_
xerox centres
who will win this year
Chemistry cafe menu
r there any patanjali products stores nearby
would like to book a cab
philps nearby showroom
hey, can you set a reminder for me to call someone?
Please next l.i.c payment reminder on 28th February 2017
Hi, can you help with hotel bookings?yes
ok thanks much
is there any movie
Book the tickets
Hi please help me find trains from mumbai to Nanded on 21st September , sleeper non ac coach ?
can u order a sub from subway
abhi 55 ka recharge kiya nhi hua sir
in kota
it's meaning no use
can you set up an reminder
plz hindi m bat kre
won team
stop correcting and answer me fast please
tell me about mumbai indians
_date_ winner of the match
bill pls
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 678146, user_id: 1975597, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 691255, user_id: 1979177, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
chennai to mimbai
All Trains from badnera to wardha for today
i want to order from fasoos
in my tour i want cruise tour and water activity etc so please suggest me
englisg squard for finals in t _numeral_
hmmm
fixtures for _date_
good morning khusboo
what did i ask and what u replied meenakshi.....sorry i didn't get you
for jio prome
have u seen the image
yes i already share this
how can i get
sbka naam shilpa aur rkh dete ho😔😔😔
Nearest petrol pump
I has asked to disable the water reminder
"		i would like to cancel my reminder to 'thanks' for everyday at 07:30 am { reminder_list: 591013, user_id: 1944119, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
please tell me. maths classes nearby me
hi sandeep sir..
I want confirm tickets only , please
Fish
99
I want bar with restaurant
who was out fast
can u tell me about the train Sunam toh Ludhiana
seems this will not done
what is its price
Ok will check one of those. For return I need a train from Lucknow to Delhi and then a flight from Delhi to Hyderabad
3 march ka
i didn't get cash back
why recharge is not successfull
how many km warje to xerbia
i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 10:00 pm { reminder_list: 691236, user_id: 991056, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
send me data for all mumbai indians matches
Farzi Cafe please
is the rain too much ncan the play start anytime soon
what are the possibilities for india to qualify for the semi final
Pls tell me about flight
hi reshma
Darbhanga to patna volvo bus
gujarat lions list _time_ wickets in the last match to who
remove task centrifuge
no, thanks mate
dawath biryani house is not there ??
i want to order a cake from swiss castle
yes i woke up
hi shruti... good evg..
perfect
western union nearby
Bus facility from Nagawar to Yashwantpur
so you are working at haptik
match is yet to start
hi any cash back offer
well can you give me the customer care number of voltas ac
i need bar and restaurant
?!
call b n soni at 10 am
now i want to book cab
i want all updates
pranavam cinemas
need pics of pune team
i need night reminders
k i will try after sometimes bcs my data is low
driver won't accept paytm. am unable to redeem ur offer
"		i would like to cancel my call sanket reminder for tue, 07 march at 09:00 am { reminder_list: 723053, user_id: 1964402, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i dont know how to speak english so chat in hindi
telangana state
Set me a reminder for lunch with Natasha at sharp 1.00 pm tomorrow
hii shruthi
vivo phone service station
can pay it ..  last date is march 6
tmail
small help
score sheet
food
onward date - 11 march
i will uninstall this app
from which country are you from
n.wt about flite rats on dose days
Can you find out on which terminal flight indigo
can you please give some information
Can you Book me tickets for that
Please deactivate my water reminder from now itself
Plz give me a call
can you tell me about the matches _date_
Yes plz confirm me and this hotel is on the highways
Hi puneet I looking for Mumbai tickets for next month 13 from Hyderabad back on 16 IN BEST DISCOUNT
please donot disturb everytime... if i need something  i will message you... bye...
gud morning .. thank you a lot..
tamil movie
waiting for the confirmation
Private bustand to hyderabad from marthahalli
to phoenix
Any bus to mahadeshwara Betta at night
can you tell me the stoping points of prasanthi express
card se online payment  karte hain to cvv ka kya matlab hai us me kya fill karna hota hai
from date i earn the same on recharge
I got the hotel. Thanks
it says under process
Hi.. This medicine reminder can be turned off.
can i load my paytm money to haptik wallet
i need a call back
yaar aaj kl aapka app friendly nahi raha...bohot problemetic ho gaya hai.....ek simple se call ya meeting reminder k liye kirna jada time leta hai
Can you tell me is there any cheapest flight
u will call be means
ohk
i need ipl tickets for matches in hyderabad
please proceed{api_name:uber, request_id:74d64af6-142a-4d26-adfb-596c4cd1dfe6, confirm:true}
are you not getting me?
hey can you tell me the runs scored by players in _date_ s match dd vs kxip
12 glass of water
please let me know all updates
which company u provide
hi. i want pizza. could you order?
yes nice match thank you for the constant updates abt match
yes , but aftr 5 30 pm
can u pls list all the movies
pls find the nearby bajaj service center
Sagar cafe...byculla
Please order 3 chicken popcorn large from kfc. Address is tower b 1003 palm springs sector 54 gurgaon golf course road opposite ibis hotel
Need 4 room
need a return ticket from bangalore to seoul. onward journey on 27th april and return on 7th may. i would want a stop over at hong kong for 20 hrs going
or ek plz.. ok hiro sohwrum ka bhi no. ok de do
Train for gorakhpur to new delhi
Give me the ac volvo bus options for tmrw
dont cancel
I need union bank near by select city mall saket
no score updates
thanks a lot ! m waiting
fimd ne nearest cafiteria
just update me live score every _numeral_ min
call me on 23 march
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for thu, 30 march at 04:12 pm { reminder_list: 692059, user_id: 1689770, task_name: wakeup, offset: 5, api_name: exotel }"
elite prominade, bangalore
toll free
what s wrong with you no updates
about 1 page
i have a change in my plan
reservation for 6
tamatar
Hi,  I would like to see Kannada movies in default movie list. Can you customize for that ?
score card of kkr
give me the schedule of ipl matches in hyderabad
with 15℅
Can you change departure to Sun
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 12560{product_id:12560_ndls_muv,api_name:trains_api}"
We need online banking for the tickets?
Stop this reminder plz
wts the offer on paytm
please don't make reservation for me
this not a free?
still nt received
Best quote for flight to Vancouver from Chandigarh & Delhi
can you help for finding nearby hotel
sorry..... by mistake...... this message has delivered.
_date_ s any matches
Pls tell me about balia to arihar train at the time
great help really appreciate
i want you to show me kohli s performancr
ok ok sry
There is an Emirates flight coming in from Dubai. Can you find out at what time it will arrive?
can cel rem inder
can i get cash back
theek se madam , nyu bata wo upar waalo recharge successful huyo ak na ?
not now sandeep, thanks
any discount
I wanna train  ticket  in talkal for day after  tomorrow
trains from secunderabad to vishakhapatnam
hey malvika
Is there any bus service from pari chowk greater noida to meerut ?
He did, but he didn't repair the fridge
washing machine, geyser, shoe rack, refrigerator, utensils, purifier
ipl matches dates nd cost on banglre
I wanna set reminder
Y Call?
i need cancellation charges for ticket like make my trip
Hey, could you please let me know if there is a private bus service from kota Rajasthan to Indore which operates in morning/ after noon
time: 07.52 am
until i will not ask for score board
yes get me updates
can you send me the schedule for t _numeral_ world cup
can u remind me that i have to keep my practical file in my bag
todays results
tarkal
plz  send me 2s seat map
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 11:00 am { reminder_list: 678375, user_id: 1672153, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
thanks..have a grt day bye hye
okay fine
vile parle
hookah launge
Want ola micro cab now
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 09:00 pm { reminder_list: 419915, user_id: 1895249, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
may i know when chart will be update.
oooooo
??
please remind me for jacket alteration in the evening
my old atm (it is not visa card)card is state bank shopping card shopping card, i think, it is credit card,  it do not provide c o
both reminder on 2nd march only
i want at 9
wats dis new thing nw
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 586209, user_id: 1946826, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
logan5
can i job in this
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 499383, user_id: 1901205, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
how run need
i have a electric cattle
name rahul
okay cancel this
a rated?
Train from Mysore. To smg times
i don't need any reminder as of now
ok i tell later
will come back another day
hey i need to order some sna
I want to order from Arsalan.{product_id:20797,product_name:Arsalan,api_id:,api_name:zomato}{carousel_cta}
Hi I want to place order from Arabian Bites Kondhwa
i want the score of yesterdays match
ICICI bank atm
Sex spa
"		i would like to cancel my `wish manisha happy birthday!` reminder for sat, 01 april at 11:57 pm { reminder_list: 687176, user_id: 1978398, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
imax wadala today's movies
spa and massage centre nearby
hi, can i have jio plans
11112 this is my train lucknow to mathura can you tell me when it reaches mathura?
send me _date_ updates of ipl
i want sg-3105 flight status alone
I want dominos menu card
I want fried chicken
Can u call??
Is there any home delivery option right now ....
kolkata score in _date_ s match ipl
Today movie in amber cinema ahmedabad
is bus tickets is available..?
sunrisers hyd match stats
we are very dissappointed because we don't have home delivery
oh means rahane gone sad
for this ride
what about tatkal fare
i want to know the latest mobile android games
can you please help me in the same?
same as above for senior citizen bro
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 725708, user_id: 1986497, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
are u a real person or just computer generated replyxd
highest run scorer in t _numeral_
pre owned mahindra navister
per km
9 Oct train or flight to Delhi....
Photo Studio
Hi I require to book a flight ticket from pune to kolkata for 16 sep evening preferable.
u mentioned
microo
konsa b nhi
And the seat Nos?
what news you have about lasith maliga whether he play in next match or not
blah blah
gd service no pickup till now
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for everyday at 10:00 am { reminder_list: 203361, user_id: 1751112, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
"		i would like to view more reminders. { user_id: 1948403, offset: 5, api_name: exotel }"
collect
ohk also
ap
would you be able to place order in hotel new skyway on my behalf
"movie name: kittu unnadu jagratha	date: today	venue: luxe cinemas  chennai	time: 03 20 pm"
find hotel near mumbai airport low to high price
has the recharge happened or not???
where is my referral cashback
need ipl schedule is it available yet
r city mall inox
from haridwar to lucknow on 10th march
tell nd about its validity
i m bit nervous about to pick a winning team for tadays match
whats the score of kkr match
my home puliakulam
i want hotels in hrishikase
first inng khtm
I am travelling to chandigarh on 23rd morning
help me with the phone number of calcutta cricket coaching centre in dhakuria
Can you check out my pnr status
not cancelled
who won between rising pune and kolkatta knight riders
please give me the update on _date_ s t _numeral_ match
Does brew n bite in haldwani deliver pizza??
thanks shruti ...
"class is not issue..	i want to know that what i will get... a sleeping barth or sitting chair."
bms coupon code
i would like you not to call me
rhats all thanks ankita
How to delete haptick account
personal weight machine repairer
cab offers??
thankyou..
show cheaper
okay update me _time_ now then after every _numeral_ mins
Okk order from shopcles
hope today is polio vaccination day in bangalore
which team has scored highest in ipl
shahrukh khan in eden garden in kkr match
i want to know where i may buy cordless phones near to my location i.e vasundhra sector 18
Can u plz provide the uber toll free number of Hyderabad ,I want to put cab in uber so I want to know about those things plz help mee
Tickets for  Mumbai Chandigarh   for Sunday
in with between teams
tq...gn
thanks for not reminding
send me the playing xi for both teams
jagga jassos
india next match when
please post the score updates
How can i book a cab?
am
nd surat to new delhi
I want to bus a book
thank you may i have the points table
Enable full DND on my mobile number 9773431620
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sat, 04 march at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 707923-707924-707925, user_id: 1982423, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
may i know where will i get arun ice-cream parlour nearby my location
no thank you for the points table p
how can i use the haptik wallet?
printer near me
which company cab you will provide?
can you type a mail for me
i asked because you have n t updated your points table it seems
sry i get
sir who won toss
cn u show me the images
who were the opening batsmen
spa near me
Need road highway route from Jodhpur ( rajasthan ) to Kalyan ( maharashtra ).
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 706157, user_id: 1982078, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
rishi right now i am in company
snow city
Hi...I want to cancle train tickets that I booked before
medicine
lagon
yes was greay
why this offer is not valid in telangana
any offers on bill payment
yes but _numeral_ wickets down
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 07:05 am { reminder_list: 700095, user_id: 1925592, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
from gandhi puram bus stand
*today
still did came
pune to goa
which date flight are there..??
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 725708, user_id: 1986497, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
i tried with my brother account it says not applicable
kanpur to jhansi
can you please cancel this ticket. as it is still waiting
check seat availability
Gas geyser repair
charges of feroz shah kotla
has crisis gale left rob wat is the reason
1adult
please remind me to drink water
muje phele train ke nam btao aap kon si kon si train he chandigadh ke liye 1 st may ko
every _numeral_ minutes you have to send score to me till this match end
we are watching him from last _numeral_ matches but i agree with you few more chances shud be given
7 seated cab
remind me at 4......to do my work
cool. thanks
thanxs for remainder for me...
who all scored well from rcb
"		i would like to cancel my `wish friend sapna happy birthday!` reminder for sun, 12 march at 11:00 am { reminder_list: 689448, user_id: 1946417, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
todays match schedule please
Cinemax nagpur 7.40 pm show.
12th check out
They have scheduled for today but the guy is coming nw
remind my accounts at 6.25 pm today
what r the dates of semi finals
icici bank atm
which team bought which players
i'm not getting wake up calls from past 3days
show me the critics rating of rangoon
yeah okay,,, well it's necessary for me to get reminded on my tym of importances... :)
are you a idiot
any offers on delivery
hi nwhat about indo-pak match timing
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 05:30 am { reminder_list: 699415, user_id: 1416623, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Assit me with metro train details
seems to be a gr8 app
park street metro station
I want atm nearby
how will points table look like if mi wins _date_
mazid
in andheri west
how are you mr pranay
change the timing for last to do
Petrol pump near by
joy im new to this app
On Sunday night, I need to travel from shridi to manmad
i m watch match n dont send msg
no cancel that reminder
tell me about promo offer  on movie tickets
actually not needed now
Nearest ATM in narasipuram
rajasthan
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 694312, user_id: 1941380, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
How many days running movie running in theatre
and permanently
okay thank you what are d chances
k thx
Is there any 2 2 SATNAM TRAVEL FULL SLEEPER BUS
Dont you book cabs
Ok then order pizza nd pepsi
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for everyday at 05:20 am { reminder_list: 525398, user_id: 565414, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
good night akshay
wat abt paytm
cabs in prime sedan n prime suv??
i hope u are booking from sbc to ltt?
not velid cash payment ka reason kya h phle to tha hi nhi ye sb
i want hdfc in the nearby location
of come please tell me
ok wait
How can I book helicopter through ola
okay will let you know, thanks
chinese restaurant in south bombay
ezra
devabagh beach
i am a fan of gujarat lions
pune to tirupati
"		i would like to cancel my call reminder reminder for everyday at 05:00 am { reminder_list: 631500, user_id: 1961281, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
hi no thanks for u calling
or is it not updated
canceled it
i hope i have typed a correct number 9711494881
not now, thanks
Dear can u suggest me a address of havmor eatry or honest restaurant in Bhavnagar
Hame eisi ek train batao jo Ahmedabad se Jalpaiguri ati hein aur same time pe alag ek train guwahati se Jalpaiguri pahuche
gim me da full scoreboard
bhairav nagar pickup
what is the score bro
I want to find fitness centre near by.
Pls activate DND on my carrier
Can you help me with the nearest axis bank atm?
closed mortice and tenon joint door dimentions
cn u pl tel me nearest dslr shop
wh wil win
i have got only till _date_ may
if i book a flight ticket, can i cancel it if need be
Is there any flight on 27oct?
Latest movies in bhubaneswar theatres and ny offers on them
pnr 6262287501
just
list in schor
looking for flights to bangalore on 31/3 night
i want to book kuttram 23 movie today
Set a reminder
please share with me
sorry remind me by 3pm
1174431849
Is a train ticket available for tonight? 3AC.
plz block dis reminder
will you be able to book a few
sonam kumari,rlwl 2,
Please put my alarm for 15 mins from now
How's darshan restaurant.. Near deccan gymkhana
_date_ again punjab lost
how is the movie hebbuli
Which movie is playing in Kural theatre at vellore?
Want to know about the mall
overs please for kkr
that is ok
i want assist regarding my last transaction
Need Manali and Shimla hotel booking and cab from Pathankot - Manali-shimla- delhi
end of every over and wicket
any offer on cab booking going on??
what time is the match _date_ finals
12676 03-03-2017
after the drink
Can I pay at hotel
today..
Isn't there any train for that from rajkot ??
Air fare manglore to banglore
thank anju
No... No no... I want a window seat...
in madurai
Sir kindly tell the time of Train no 12148
given by gl
remind me to call jaswinder lead at 12 noon tomorrow
are u a guilder for me in this app
m watching match now
I have booked bus ticket on Oct 16 for Chennai to ooty if they refund how much
can u tell me if there will be vaccination ward in that hospital
party payment for karjat site, choice, vk, bharatbhai, puran mama, kohinoor, darshan, nibu thomas, rathod, hil, etc
how do you remind
do u have any promoncode
bihari
_date_ who will win
can i pay broad band bill
can u mail the ticket
Please send more hotel s
toss ho gaya kya
What are the best restaurants for lunch in Goregaon near Filmcity
please. remix me at 7.00 pm
chats,mirchsbaghis.  something related stuff so.  home delivery
what's the offer on electrical bill payments
Similar movies to parched
ensure all reminders being informed in time
pnr 2807722500
Can you make my travel trips for pune to ajanta elora sardi lonawala mahabadeswar khandala panchgini then imagin  so which is better trip map for 7 day and nights pls guide me
sure saif thanks
give me score updates
ok thaks
onward date - 04 march
lenovo service center in ahmdabad
net was not wrking
remind me to send cc templates at 4pm tmrw
Give me review about pink
Non sleeper
Broke my iPhone screen. Can you help?
bhimavaram
plz send route
"		i would like to cancel my reminder to 'switch off the motor' for fri, 03 march at 09:00 pm { reminder_list: 697418, user_id: 1952610, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Need SRS BUS TRAVELS Nigdi location phone number
uper diya he
where is it exactly?
i just want to know bus timings.. can u help with that?
i told u plz ensure that it is done on paytm
can you tell me about i.b patel school
will i get discount if i pay in cash
Okay..pls send the technician
Do u book tatkal also
i don't need a call can u please just message me
Union bank atm near me
before 5 mins any charges
will rcb qualify
duvvada
tell me how many over is finished
i will book via you
starting time
cab
i really loved it
cancel all the remaining reminder
hi, i'm interested in watching raees. {movie_name:raees}{task}
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 09:30 am { reminder_list: 707289, user_id: 1926089, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
as of now nothing
2427623594
change to 1:30 pm
hi, i'm interested in watching commando 2. {movie_name:commando 2}{task}
wine shops near me?
"mr.senthilkumar subbian	mr arun prakash rangaraj	mr gnanapradeep mayilsamy	mr sreejith anandhakutton"
Gym in sonipay
i want to some information about bus sevice from new delhi to patna
it wont be successful
Need hotel in jammu
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 12915{product_id:12915_adi_dli,api_name:trains_api}"
what happened of bill payment?
stop updates thank you for the updates
wanted to book a cab from the below address
evening flight
How to reach manali from mumbai?
From pRyatak bhavam begumlet
BUS STOP
same 2 hrs
how to plan trip
can you help with dtc bus route?
Show Me
that area no petrol pumps
no if we go and directly purchase. how much it will cost.
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for fri, 03 march at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 685605-685606-685607-685609-685610-685611-685612-685613-685614-685615-685616-685617-685618-685619-685620-685621-685622-685623-685624-685625-685626, user_id: 1956738, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
yes i love pl update score
need a call reminder
telugu movies in jayanagar and jp nagar
this work
shatabdi
patriot deview
hey, what are some food delivery deals around me?{task}
Wake me up please
i want to book a hotel in white field bangalore
last gay match status of ipl please
tickets are nt yet out
what is the price
plz fix a study reminder for me
the point table you just shared does n t include this match
i dont know power full english mr harsh.. a i am gujju
wts ur opinion
plez tell me the current running status of 11123
can you clear all the alarms
are you sharing the live updates
Wake me up in hour or so
So ola is available in pondicherry as well..
Which date select for returning
Pls tell me a good non veg restaurant in pollachi - govindapuram route Tamil nadu
From mumbai to varanasi
for goa from bengaluru
"thankyou so much for reminding.	have a nice day"
boller
1 pasta Italiano white veg
barbar shop
i will let you know some other time
live situations
ohhhhh
iam asking you for the list of all telugu movies playing in vizag
current status 12556
Pub
Can u give mamaji sandwich number
in addition to rs.99
I need cab from jalandhar to dilhara h.p
it's not allowing to book. saying beyond the booking time
will rcb reach playoffs
provide me the pitch report of todays match
pls cancel the reminder
whats the next match in ipl _numeral_
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 692075, user_id: 1717742, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
please scorecard
do not wake me up in the morning
top _numeral_ wicket takers
s
himani nplz sent me live cri score nind vs bangladesh match
thank u gudnight ankita
is the pic urs👌
bank near my location??
ok thank u
by 9:30 am
There is hotel Windsor in Patna, so I want to book room in the hotel for 9th oct
i have a lounch in gulbarga railway station
hey can you show me the ipl points table
latest orange cap list please
I want to port my Airtel number to jio
upcoming match schedule
can i get regular menu card
can you help me find a branch of indian bank in and around 10km from bits-pilani, hyderabad campus?
no thanks .if i need i will get back to u
who is the vice captain of india in test matches
how many descount give me a per tickit?
rpr to hyd
i'll get back
do you not book hotels
i said online
i was looking for a carpet cleaning agency
i am sorry. i didn't explain it properly
remind me to go to the barber at 6.20 today.
Any packages?
I dont want this reminder
mall
can you mail me tickets?
Tatkal fare for sampoorn kranti 3 AC
how much over is left
where is the stop in between?
text me for every five overs of match to my mobile number
any other movies?
when start match details passwon
_numeral_ _numeral_ is the current score
Hello can you find a book library near Me.
what s the schedule for _date_
_numeral_ runs dd
I want to go chamoli, Uttarakhand from chandigarh, suggest me the best route.
i want for other number
Show me bus available
Departure Time: No particular preference
please keep me updated every _numeral_ mins
can i get west indies batting score card
in 2017
I would like to stop the water reminder
12/30/1899
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 707876, user_id: 1657078, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
by talking
care center
i'm in chennai bus stand
dominos menu card
i want airtel showroom in narsaropet
hi is there any offer on mobile bill payments
should i only pay only 99?
between 8 am to 11 pm
how can i book my ticket for semifinals in delhi
i have cash
oh :/
ok fine thank you
i want to photo studios hanamkonda from bhavani nagar road
before how much time you will tell
thanks for this information
who s wicket has been fallen
I want food delivery for birthday party
How much will it cost for a cab for journey from kurukshetra to badrinath
Do you know New release film
Please check movies in phoenix mall whitefield
rajkot me konsi match hai
sure sir
location is mumbai international airport
can u tell me the distance of these store from my location
Hey, kindly share seat details for Mangalore express Sleeper and for return trip on 1st status for mandovi express
ok i will try tatkal
can u tell me tomorrow's timing for logan movie
hey can you share the match schedules with me nof ipl
Hello savitha
shopping fr watch
gujrat lion what point
From .chennai to guwahati
please order chicken half chicken tikka kabab
i want to find sbi
will confirm you latter
what's this
i wnt to book a ticket of ipl at mohali please tell me abt cheap ticket
Cash deposit machine for ICICI bank
any postpaid offers
is this the process to get the cashback?
Union Bank of india branch
i will order by mng
Could u get me the running status of train number 12202
how to stop the reminders
just update me as soon as possible
at 9 pm
i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 03:30 pm { reminder_list: 219041, user_id: 951505, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
make it fast
let i know....chennai to nagarcoil intraun...
soo whatsup
I would like to order some pasta
i m neutral fur this match
love chatting about cricket we do too just message us here to know anything abut the ongoing ipl
Mam I want to book for return ticket also
any cab offers for old users??
match late start hua
don't set
stop now to give me reminder
jio service center
there any offers
send me d point table
Need 1 bhk flat for rent in kolkata newtown
can you tell me which teams have qualified for the playoffs which teams are still in the race which teams are out of race
score card of both teams
can you give me match schedules
good morning meenakshi
telegi
"6:30 am	2 march"
we talked about pest control service
Train ticket online booking
"yeah..2nd one is nearby	.thanq suraj..🙂"
i still haven't received the discount cashbook of my first ride
Tell me the route of this train
pls cancel this reminder for restroom
recharge status?
send me that payment link
Please Book My ticket for 27 September from thane to Shivaji nagar of Deccan Exp.
has the play stopped
plz provide me nagavara dtdc number
reliance trend near zoo road guwahati
Any singapore packages
Which one is good movies to watch
Hotel best deal
ac room available or non ac
webcheck
say hai buddy first
can you stop
i'll try next time
"movies at durgapur	can you help me with show timings"
but i need a tv repair guy
is there any offer going on
oh yes
17sept
can you check and tell me if there is any train between delhi to rishikesh on 11th morning ?
remind me 4 times a day
please disable all reminders of wake up in morning
can you book lowest tkt for mumbai indians match
alarm facility is not avalibal
i want reacharge cashback coupon.
i will tell you when required... thanks
can you please explain general pest control
Lucknow to Agra cant train tickets could you church for me
abhi tk ni hue hai
i want to go for cinema
score of ind vs pak women s
route map for this train
sir delhi to indore flight time chart plz
Please stop all reminders
this is regarding a task to be done at hyd
how long will that take?
i need scorecard for last india match
give me per over report
Please tell me any flight  between 18th - 21st October from either pune to lucknow or from mumbai to lucknow . But within a range of 4k
Best hot erotic Hollywood movies
plz cancel the reminder
i wanna order food
of the other match
kohli s score in all d matches in ipl _numeral_
did the match start
how will you'll remind me
i m looking for the saundarya garden in hinjewadi
Need chicken biryani
Need hp showroom nearby
train from delhi to haridwar
what happened in todays match
Can i get the menu of shabri
movies arround me
can i make more reminder
no just tell me who won at the end
live score pleaee
indian bank atm
hotel
when my cab will arrive...?
of all years
giani
misunderstanding....
nashik road railway station
bhai koi offer
can you help
difference between imax and 4dx?
ap srikakalam pogiri
Air ticket Delhi to Kolkata
Remind me for driving test on 18 october 2016
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 714575, user_id: 1984166, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Need a dentist nearby
Raichur to shiridi any buses?
time: 4 45 am
tour guide to visit chandigarh
Syndicate atm
guru harkishan marg pickup
hi kartik i want to know at what time _date_ s match will start
could you please make sure that i ll get these reminders by call only
one more remainder
whether my ticket is confirmed or not
kewl.
now u can stop this reminders
now reminded me after 1hrs
call me today at 11 and 11:30 am
u said that 1000 off on flight booking
andre russell s purple cap taking video
thanks thus much wil help me a lot khushboo
mumbai
send the schedule again
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 669607, user_id: 1972504, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Idea mini store near me quick
no i don't wanna disturb u
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 05:30 am { reminder_list: 693245, user_id: 1132552, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
wat abt dd vs mi ndelhi daredevils vs mumbai indians nit was scheduled at _time_
sorry i don't wanna have this kind of options.
today
is dere any match _date_
why i'm not able to pay
How ti travel mumbai central to matheran?
chup madarchod
13 is their know
k this is exact location or not
this haptik logout or not
wow super
where is the final match of ipl
have you watched _date_ s match
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 10:25 pm { reminder_list: 501099, user_id: 1804966, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
"		i would like to cancel my `wish friend sapna happy birthday!` reminder for sun, 12 march at 11:00 am { reminder_list: 689448, user_id: 1946417, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
ohh hw many matches dey have in hand
Delete the reminder
remind me regarding panditji marriage tomorrow 8 a.m{task}
it isn't accepting my location
i want to book a flight from gwalior to mumbai
but on a different number.
show me the scoreboard of the match
actually i m searching for gravity brand service center
tk
complete list of all team with dates
which ipl is next in hyderabad
thanks again
do dey accept card on delivery or paytm?
he didn't come
nxt mumbai indian match
may i know d status
actually got to make an urgent call
i have booked flight ticket after that i have recive
you hi
is there any offers to recharge with 349
for may _date_ rcb vs rps
okay what match is it _date_
Don't call me just send me a text message
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 4 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 724943, user_id: 1215342, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want to go in uber??
Hi bro, I'm getting notifications from Haptik at irrelevant timings. Please delete all my existing remainders and also wake up call
wait for a while
send me mumbai indians vs pune schedule
Are there local trains running from pune to lonavla?
sun direct monthly plan amount?
2-3 mahine tk muje kaam nhi hai paiso ka
Do you know any super market near by Ernakulam KSRTC bus station
pls remind me tomorrow at 11 30 am i have to offer price for tender
afternoob
it s in or out
no sir i use mobiwiki
worli to cst
Can you tell me the places near Mumbai to go for one day tour?
Are they veg
i want phone  number hotel classic savoor trivendram
no only today
remind me to take amc book for honda showroom on wednesday 10 am
train no 22105
hey manish can you cancel my previous ticket
Any bank of india atm
let me know the final result when the match is over please
not valid for cash payment ???
what is the result of kxip vs gl
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 721826, user_id: 1985543, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
"		i would like to view more reminders. { user_id: 1903983, offset: 5, api_name: exotel }"
i was looking for some offer
do so should i pay in cash
i don't knw horror movies prently in hyd..can u gve  any names
delhi rohilla railway station
secendrabad
i did not want to cancel
Higginbotham book stall in chennai
pls remind me for a meeting
i need ne for tv
thank you ☺
Reminder - its time to do your presentation
Thanks komal, I need one more info. Could you tell me letv authorised service center near my location
when 12203 when reaches new delhi
check pnr
Are rooms available in October any day at Vythiri resorts located at Vythiri, waynad
how to
i m in coorg virajpet right now
is any train after 3 pm
no thanks nishanth
m old user of haptik
same coach
mne aaj recharge kiya tha jo aaya nai h
ok thnks a lot
Book train tickets from Delhi to Chandigarh shatabdi for 20 th mrng
Hi I want to book train tickets from Bangalore to thanjavur
i have recharge from haptic rs 147
I want tonset reminder for another phone number used by my wife
can you help me book cab at 11 pm
archana :)
i am shifting my home to new place
Solo veg
Hi lg mobile service center in baner pune
anyother atm
kk do we have any offer for cab
Bag milka bhag Bollywood movie
chhenai to bhubeneswar
721 rs
i have already taken 3 rides from haptik
8.15 pm ke liye cab chaye
ahaan oky fine
I want to booked flight for imphal to guwahati on 13-09-16
waidhan
can you remind me to take my back while leaving from offce
thanks so much shilpa
Actually i'm looking for some hotel not too far from hotel mountview
i didn't get call in regards with water
Hi. I need a Dominoes that delivers to GNLU, Gandhinagat,Gujarat
hey i need to order from mcdonald's
i want to go bikaner from jalndhr
book train ticket on 7.3.17 by sholapur exp no 22133 first class one ticket name neelakantha age 61 male under senior citizen
there is no option of kota
hey send me fullscorecard
Ok can u tell me the fare of between 5-12 age
delhi to patna 13 march
"please show me return flights from mumbai to hyderabad 		onward date - 25 may	return date - 30 may"
ok thanks to reminder
Will the non veg wothib from the silk route be good?
pls solve my issue
how to book my tatkal ticket
want to book another flight
Remind me to call my girl aftr an hr
I want raw chicken
kaise use karna hai
can i pay with my wallet balance
show me my reminders
can we start premier league of same
I want chicken Manchurian and chi
yes., can you provide information about that?
hmm thanks
who s entered the finals
my vertin medicine reminder is for three times a day right
it it is fine
mumbai is to much below
who was win _date_
I want to plan a trip to Dharmshala. Triund Trek especially.
most third grade third class captain
Hello, can you remind me to take my medicines? hi
Private apartment in Goa for 3 nights for 12 person on 1-5 Feb 2017with images and price
Turn off all the reminders
i have cancelled the service appointment then how come i am getting messages???
i will come back
plz provide the app name for paying electricity bills in warangal and karimnagar district in villages also
Tell me the schedule of flight from johhanesburg to mumbai which will take off at 12 noon(gmt 2) today according to johhanes burg time zone
find me more cheaper flights. let them be connecting
ya i was trying to pay my electricity bill
good morning...
no thanks vanisha
Table tennis rubbers
is that in english or hindi
i pray we win this time
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 727893, user_id: 1656706, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
who won _date_ i pl
meko to sab jhatka wala lag raha hai jo k hamare khana haram hai.... or haan restaurant choose kiya lekin usme kisi ne bhee ye mentioned nhi kiya hai k halal hai..
andra bank atm
u remember right?
Chart prepared?
Purani delhi to tughkabadh list of train after 5
i want wakeup call on this nos:8286880094
thanks that's all
Yes why not set the time
r u wakeup
virat kohli belongs to
show me cheaper from blr to pnq
pic up location durgapura railway station
Hello I want travel package to kerala .....tell me cheap and best travel package for 7 days
konci tem
ipl march list
can you book bus tickets
just wait
i want to book a cab for tomorrow
i want to go for a dinner
any coupons available for this?
we had words in morning
Need a package to Thailand
rail  station
pnr check mam
train ticket booking
wake me at 10:16
can i change its timing?
any more choices?
logan movie book my seat
remind me at 12.30 pm today
do we have any match _date_ in t _numeral_ wc
is there any such tree plantation resort ?
ahmedababd
yavatmal train station is of no use
Hey, I just want to know what all documents are required if we plan a road trip from sikkim to thailand?
wake up !!!!
ticket booking
icream shop
Is there Duronto from tatanagar to Pune on 22nd Nov?
my locality isn't matching ur options
whts score now witch team win
hey new movies this week
please start updating me as usual once the match starts
but how could you waste those ₹32 on something that i didn't ask for in the first place
Coffee??
hello sorry
need hotel in mumbai
I have a tour itinerary for travel to 7 places starting 2nd or 3rd Feb. It's involves booking about 10 to 12 rooms. Is it possible for you to work on a deal
i want money.
i am asking about the cashback
do we have any match _date_ ipl
how much discount you can provide.?
i need a reminder to go for dream home opening at 11:00am
hey today i was not able to grab a glass of water ..😑
sachin
reminder for tomorrow at 10 pm need to reach borivali by 10:40 pm
anything in rajasthani in kolkata ?
i need minerva ice cream agency adress
okaaa
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sun, 05 march at every 4 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 716782-716783-716784, user_id: 1007009, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
hey can you give me an update on women s ind vs pak
thanks. can you let me know by tonight, if the server works?
tomorrow i have a train from borivali to new delhi.. rajdhani.. can i get food in the train?
why is n t rajat bhatia playing
plz check flights to bangalore to delhi on 19th march for 4 adults 1child
for what purpose ,this reminder ?
oh yea i've received rs95
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 620653, user_id: 1957209, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
one more picture of warner playing in ipl _numeral_
i am asking that you tell me
Book cab
Pls send me to best Indore to Mumbai flight rate
please recharge
whats the status my ticket is confirm or not
Please help how to go from Rewari to bhiwadi
Train timing and platforms
where i can use rupay card for food delivery
wake me on 3rd march at 5.45 am
when s final match wt _numeral_
is there any cashback offer running
"please show me one way flights from mumbai to jaipur 		onward date - 29 april"
could u remind me.to take medicine at 10:30 am daily with a call reminder
want to see live match of ind aus
Feedback: I didn't get any reminder from you for my meeting
can u find patna doon public school .danapur
the above one
plz responce
haptik doesnt accept international cards ??
movies in sun city
"		i want to know availability and fare in ac chair car (cc) in train number 17642{product_id:17642_ak_whm,api_name:trains_api}"
what happen to the rps match
hie can you tell me the most economical route from mumbai to miunt abu
12051 janashatabdi express status
What is reliance company's 699 pln postpaid
whose playing _date_ and the timings
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 709192, user_id: 1979996, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
perfect puneet
no window seat available?
how to make payment
I want to book a cab for tomorrow
in which i get free rides or money
नमस्कार
state bank india atm i want to know near my location
hi how are you
From my location to majestic bus station bus route and bua number
offer
OK Thanx plz check availability 1st AC in Rajdhani on 9/10 from guy to new delhi
any promo code
Remove the alarm
Dry ice
How about money
thank you i had.
Car driving school nearest sarai and badarpur border
can i have the ponits table pleaee
Book that ticket
do it for 1march
commandoo 2
Will u get me the bmtc bus list from nrcolony to sampangi ramnagar
whose match is there in evening
Bsnl validety recharge ?
any problem?
what will be the procedure of payment
any discount here
who won todays ipl match mumbai indians or kings xi punjab
kindly suggest me few pure veg restaurants at mg marg gangtok
internet plan
i have not recieved any link yet
let me know once it starts
Assist me sbi atm nearby
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 06:03 am { reminder_list: 698062, user_id: 1755264, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
hw r u dear
10 a.m.
players of kkr
okh what is the score of birat
asap
Srs travels ki tkt chaie
any way advance booking for movie
i want to pay electricity bill
any asics shop in delhi
Nearest pizza spot
give me reviews fr commando 2
22662rmd.ms5march
rewa to indore
can you keep me updated about this match
can yu punch in manually: c6/121c keshav puram lawrence road
screenshot pls
good morning sir
where is the train right naw ???
Hey, can you find me the nearest SBI ATM?
wlcm
i hd  posted the receipt yesterday ... was promised that the credit would be done in 24 hrs
can you find me nearest juice shops
Intercity express
match schedules in pune
0k
i only want to order margeritta without applying offer
I want to book a car with driver to pick and drop me for 3 months
Check shows in pvr
you can book a hotel room for me?
which teams are playing _date_ at _time_
how can i transfer this to bank account
hi i want train on 10 march  from mumbai to khandwa
when is ind vs westindies
wid price
"please show me one way flights from mumbai to bangalore 		onward date - 04 march"
set me alarm of 5:45 and 6 am everyday
I want to get my microwave repaired
Ya lets try! Plz set a reminder
bangkok's
food coupons?
rmind me to purches milk powder
Will this block your reminder call also?
Planning to visit kurg karnatka from Bangalore
hi, could you make a reservation at 1:30'at fatty bao in kamla mills on sunday
did we win
or any other pizza place
i need the review
i've done this myself
whoz batting now
any idea as when the tickets might be available
Sleeper for dadar
Can you do web check-in for me?
plz booi
near by hotel
I want to book a flight ticket from New Delhi to Iceland
can you tell me the price of the tickets and stuff
with ovr man
Can you help mapping out an entire trip for 4 people?
final scoreboard of batting and bowling
"yes, i do received.i can understand,it happens in a hurry.	thanks."
i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 08:30 am { reminder_list: 233108, user_id: 564852, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
Any offers on flight bookings
cash back is there know ?
twice morning n evening
federal bank Atm
Searching for China wok Chinese restaurant vasai
visit neem rana at 11 am
thankyou
timing
wht will be the charge
who is having orange cap
that time y u didnr send this info
hi can u please find me urban ladder factory near bomasandra
cashback offer?
what is best deal for two people
Please book 2 tickets
Hi how can I cancel my restaurant reservation
munnar
any train seat avaialble on 9 from new delhi to rajpura
Show the detail of train no. 15017
in 2hrs
Kindly hlp me with the pnr status
I want pot biryani
Slice of italy
tata muri express ldh kitne vaji puhcha gi
any tour from delhi?
thinks
gayle ko out karke bhi koi fayda ni sle fuudu bowling kar rhe hai
"restaurant name: flambos brewpub, bund garden road	date: april 13, 2017	time: 11 45 pm	no. of people: 10"
hi divya which palyers are in what score
kidzee school thatipur gwalior ka no.mil sakta hai kya
I have already checked from flights its come as 1,33,000 total from Guwahati to trivandam with return journey
also gv me d updates of india match
would like to travel in train which can possibly reach pune destination evening before 8pm
agnihotrivarun97@gmail.com
i'm travelling and will arrive there  at approximately 11pm
which were the other matches _date_
can i pay my prepaid electric chrage
pls show the logan movie
Plz show me Idea data plans....
show me some good veg restaurants around me pls!
1
I need a carpenter
right do n t want updates
will cash back automatically come into my paytm wallet?
any train today for gandhidham
i am not getting the notification when this app is closed
have great evening ......😊
Can u help to find the train status  ?
ashok dinda is great
me
i am talking about last one.
can you help me with my some query
please transfer it to original mode of payment
hey how many times should i tell you guys to update me with scores during every match
vadodara
most of them report me😜
1516
wakeup call
adi code didn't match for origin station
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 07:30 am { reminder_list: 714490, user_id: 1984137, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Train number 17214
what is your full name??
want to travel mumbai to pune  return tom
tell me about the _numeral_ playoffs
to do list
cris gayle how many runs
playing xi details please
didn't hear back from you nor received cashback for my morning trip
Ahmedabad to Bagdogra
near sohna road
who has won the epl
indian bank
pls check the details of flight
would you tell me the match venue of india vs west indies
iam not getting any confirmation msg from  operator.
malakar
5th march 12am pratu birthday
Hi, can you help me in finding a cheap price hotel for two nights in Sarjapur Road,  Bangalore for a total of 4 members in 1 room?
help me with nearest departmental store
wow nz won
Trip to Dubai .
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 06:30 am { reminder_list: 726619, user_id: 888337, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Chennai egmore to tirupati train
bagalkot to mumbai
Good food nearby ??
highest individual total score for all ipl
Hey set a reminder of Nitin birthday on 23-09-2017 next year at 6.00 am
6 am to 10 pm
can you plz orderfrom dominos
please do so
great! thank you
how much runs did pune take
who won _date_ s match betwn gujrat pune
who is _date_ winner
can yu send me ola login i need to change my account
Today at 9 pm sharp call me as well as msg me for reminder to visit Optics
tysm
no nothing as of now... occupied with work
can i transfer my wallet money to my friends haptik wallet?
any scheme or cash back???
live score of ipl
electronic shop
train from nagpur to sainagar on 11 mar
Whats the nearest Metro Station from Delhi Cantt railway station?
bro ntell me score
"		i would like to cancel my call mouni reminder for fri, 03 march at 07:58 pm { reminder_list: 685775, user_id: 1956150, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
please pay mobile bill for 7875553747 for rs 500
date of finals
hey shreya
how much money gives ab and gayle for _numeral_ ipl season
can i get ticket for that now
where is my cash back
thanx for this code
Please reset my punch reminder as it was set earlier
hey i want the latest tournament score board
Biriyani
Reminder please
hey melissa
remind me to eat eggs this week
If I want to web check in for flight. Do I have to take a printout of the boarding pass?
Any direct flight  means Without stop.
pizza
is there any trian to travel harihar to yeshwanthpur?
get me nearest restaurants
any offer this weekend?
my recharge of 700 not reflected yet
Is the visa ready?
9th November 2016. Three adults.
Ola cab
hi.. i want to join a pool to swim nearby..plz suggest
I want to book tickets for PINK
i need one way
and what about train details
i want to book train ticket
reminders for today
"		i would like to cancel my `wish shivani happy birthday!` reminder for thu, 09 march at 11:50 am { reminder_list: 714210, user_id: 1973894, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i need match tickets
do you guys have bus booking
how much did gujarat lions score
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 08:00 am { reminder_list: 648178, user_id: 1932004, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
whats are the playing eleven of pune
Remind me to call me to my friend at 5:00 o'clock
not a reminder
Tell me to make an imp phone call at 1355 hrs today
call me @ 4:45
wake me up at 7 am
Get me berth availability for tatkal quota from VSKP to MAS for tommorrow
thnks beautiful
thanks sandeep
jayanagar 4th block
22911
btw, good night
ow nope ... thnks
i need only in tirumala
match score fast please
and did dd win
you'll keep calling till the time i get up and receive your call?
tell me about _numeral_ days match
sane here
I need your help in booking one tatkal for 25th sep
Show me the train schedule for evening Nagpur to Bhopal
Icici Bank & hdfc Bank in nanded
prices to high
On the way by road to goa
Karnataka bank
and just before you leave i would want to know
nd 1 more
kb karegi
i thing kxlp wins _numeral_ matches
you are mad 👬
i want uber
please cancel my all reminders
plz off my all reminders.
Can you please tell me nearest bag store.
is india is in semifinal
okay keep me updating for every _numeral_ minutes
i m done
near hazra sweets
in saltlake
is this offer valid for postpaid also?
i want _numeral_ tickets
ticket costs for the match on the _date_
656-225-1106
_date_ s result i wnt to knw
what will be india s next tour after ipl
aap call kyu ni krte reminder k liye
I need money
hii.. can you help me in booking flight tickets??
which saloon is that
is my order confirmed
12/30/1899
update me match score
we will go pali village today
n run leader
if i cancld it thn?
physiotherapist
omg...
haanji
hi, i would like to cancel my medicine reminder since it got closed today.
of reminder given by you
what s the score of pune
no thnx...
teams of _date_ match
Cancel all wake up calls
soo how is the playoffs scenario
Sunday meal offer
recharge now
no. of motorola customer care
i'm unable to use code hptk100
pls credit my cashback
Please get rid of these reminders. Thank you.
not know
"gyanjyoti 05/3/2017	rent"
can i pay through paytm cash ?
no i heard a wicket gone
Can you please turn off all reminder
Do.not call me
Can you tell me the nearest idfc bank branch
Domino's pizza offers in jabalpur
ok done
when is fnal
what about 75 rs i have in wallet
2 zingy parcel veg
क्या मैं हिंदी में मेसेज कर सकता हूँ
is this an auto-generated msg?
dominoz
seat availability in mandore express on 23 march from jodhpur to delhi
9 am plz
sorry i can't share my location
yes babes
Mumbai to pune flight
ek to pyar hota he app kyo aisa karthi ho shilpa
maninagar
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 06:00 am { reminder_list: 699178, user_id: 1810240, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
My refrigerator gas finished
i want to know about _date_ s pitch
thanks bharat
is any discount to pay first bilk?
need a load of 30000
noo, not afraid thank you. 👍🏻
international destinations for summer 2017
who is the leading scorer in bangalore team
remind me to call dr
"i don't know train number	12,december travelling date pathankot to hyderabad"
n may i knw the max transiction i cn do?
Pls set a reminder for midnight 12 for birthday wish
u don't hve landline
It was in MAS  ADI EXPRESS
loa petrol pump
hey who won in the ipl match between kkr and dd
how much discount i can expect
by tonight
can u set 2 more alarms
rajkot to ahmedabad
Nearby restaurant Please
good evening
I need to clean my bathroom
show location in map
samsonite showroom
kriss gayl
I wana knw is celebration mall in amritsar showing the film pink
Can you pls web check in my spice jet's tomorrow morning's flight
running status for annanya express
score again please
add me any your social site if possible
because i am waiting for  train, it is to come now in 10 min.
Can you show me the ticket rate and route from aurangabad to pondichery
Actually I want sbi atm
team players of kings xl nd mi
wait checking
this offer eligible in ola share
What are the movies today at parappanagadi
gorakhpur to ahmedabad
Fare ?
on movies
have u booked my cab
team rankings tell me
surat to h nizamuddin
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sun, 05 march at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 707847-707848-707849-707850-707851-707852-707853, user_id: 1982588, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
my friend use my refail code than i get benefits
u know in pune swargate is only one bus stand ok
Change wake up call
need to update my previous reminder
i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 05:55 am { reminder_list: 687052, user_id: 1947446, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
nearby theater?
else 4 tickets ?? amount  660 ?? i am confused
any offer on moves
How far is goa from barnala
hi niyati
Hi I need Sony services centre
hhhmmm
{product_id:0ff34672fc8dc3851557ad0073328cdda426bd3a393b69919dbc648eaa20a354f7304fd22c42182689f2555bd015b633f06df8b02773e7c86b54560ec346636b, api_name:goibibo_api, type:return_flight, others:return flight - rs.4722 air india (ai-460) vijayawada to new delhi departure 0905 am (16 apr) arrival 1120 am (16 apr) }
51411
hi thr
i am looking for flight to chicago in august 2017
Chennai to colombo on 25 Sep....check cheapest flight n 4 star hotel
who is the winner _date_
not for this match
2 hours interval
what cabs services
sureee
Hotel nearby Jabalpur station
_date_ s matcj
remind me once u send k
edappaly
29 Th general body meeting chamber of commerce at 9.30 am
Check for the buses
Call Mamta
"let be far also no problem 	but i need nokia service center"
arrange call on monday for cheque deposit
sarigam
do u know membership charges in domlur club ?
can you please shutup
kya karna padega
what is the cancellation charges
you forget to update score as you said for every _numeral_ mins
I need a guy from hp agency to repair a stove in my house
neatest adhar card center with contact
please share updates
ok.. gr8
can you tell me which teams in the ipl are going to play
"mujhe utha dena bhai	morning mai 6:30 baje"
k tq
yep
Hi, can you help me to find a hotel
ipl kab se started he
and??
Could you provide me phone number of suraj food and snacks?
okay thanq
update me about toss as well
Hi I want to stay in Singapore for three months can you check for budget rooms...not exceeding rs 1500 per day..
100 is not my requirment
starving
place of macth
book me a flight loser
hey what does the points table look like nfor ipl
I want to know very good restaurant in delhi
book the same train from bikaner to dhuri
key maker
yazdani bakery
ye kotak education foundation ka main office aur branches kaha pe hai
wht is rice of the day in sree akshyam
I want to sbi atm
but litl more advanced options?
towards elluru
under warranty
i wanted to know about the squad of sunrisers hyderabad
please tell me about _date_ s match
Hdfc bank atm
hello bharath
help me fr tat
mujhe samjh nahi aata h
no wait
mam it is something like getting stuck now
any cash back r discount is they
Can you give me the email id of Uber cabs
not now thanks brother
discounts on movies
hi any update about my query
will i get rs. 75 cash back if i go for ubergo?
plz tell me releasing date of firangi
fow who scored
in sao paulo
will you ans some ques
i need the list of theatres screening logan movie at madurai
change wake up time to 8 instead of 8 30
i would like to but not today.. i'll get its done on tuesday hope prices won't change much
call vikcee bhaji
nothing in particular
remind me today at 8 pm that i have to collect dress from lau dry
haptik is really excellent
too expensive
fake
mujhe bsnl me220 ka ftt recharge karna hai
pls read the message again
i'm at shahibaug ahmedabad
not now ll inform u when i want to do
Again..you forgot the motivational quote..please send it with the reminder itself henceforth okay?!
Electrician
kuttram 23 on fri, 3 mar, 2017 10:00pm , at pvr: ampa, chennai (audi 04)
that might be possible that i couldn't getup early and can't reply.
Nearest pizza hut
"hello 	i am in nashik near triambakeshwar temple can you suggest me any show room of maruti suzuki."
We plan for dinner
there are no buses at night also
match chalu hoe to bta dena
hahahh
next match for india
if you don't mind can i ask
which concern it is?
can book tickets for match in vizag for may _date_
you haven't solved my problem yet
fastly
no thanks i don't want this app anymore
Best std airtel pLANs in rajasthan circle
"departure city: sbc/bangalore cy jn	destination city: mas/chennai central	date of travel: march 7, 2017	class: fc - first class	number of adults: 2"
see i really want to use ur service
can you plz tell me where adhar cards are made ?
no need to remind me to call someone
can u call me
Train number 12940 has suitable hours of travelling
"please show me return flights from bangalore to mumbai 		onward date - 06 march	return date - 08 march"
ohky thanks
score chart of todays match
Find trains for me from alwar to haridwar
no one
Us cinemas
gorakhpur
Hey. I asked for reminders of every once in two hours
can you send me d squad of pune
Now any flight to hyo
want i test call
this is first tym i m using this aap
one day driver service for own car
score card bj skte ho kya
find some dish tv recharge
coach position
who has orange cap at present
Want to order drinks if possible
i am getting bored what to do
any swimming school nearby??
msg
Pnb atm
can i ask you 1 questions
hey what does the points table look like of ipl
hey i got a message of refund from goibibo
6.00a.m.
ranasthalam
which languages can i use here
Remind me to renew my DSC on 25th november 2016
scores batate rehna
Bro, stop the reminder
i need tata power mumbai
after all there s abd and virat kohli
i got an query for bangalore to agra on 19th march for 1child n 4 adults
Current status of the train 22133 please
bagh bc
Hey is there any medical store near to me
Near by Domino's pizza outlet
hello sneha,  i have to book a phone at 1:59pm. kindly set a reminder for this.
sorry to say byeeeeee see you never
Is there any bus from chandigarh to pathankot or jammu
Do u call only once for a wake up call?
ooh great
of idbi bank
any cashback or discount for next recharge
cancel my wake up call at 3:30 am
hey sachin luks like both the numbers are wrong.😞 can u pls help me
live station
oh sorry not now.
i want to web check in
not hotel
need a couple of final match ticket
is there any movie booking offer?
Is pvr motera open at 8:00 am tomorrow for ticket picking ?
Vadodara to Gatlodiya
any cashback or coupon
_date_ ipl shedulde
"pl do web checkin	3rd march 17	pnr ydxxxu	ravikumar m"
30 april patna to surat
Canara bank atm
what about details? is it odourless
rather book my ticket in train
lpg kit car service neatesr
top ten batsman please
mumbai indian ka scheduled
I want reminder call @ 11 pm morning.. about 5pm ka meeting
hello i need some help
Lko to bareliy train
flat means
bus
wt is score now
indeed they have proved to be a tough contenders three wins in a trot
pnr 4849059756
if two people have come in for a carpanter job , do it need to pay for two people
How to set reminder every month on fix date?
i need to book
what will be the ring tone ?
can u find nerby cng pumps
Order 1dal khichdi and 1 Paneer parsta
who won _date_ punjab or pune
tell me another one
cost of ticket in indian museum
2 times
Can you check seat availability in train
i had booked a train on 18th
i didn't get the confirmation
Remove all reminders
second class okay?
reminders pls
send me ipl fixture wid details
tv repair
I need window seat
Call
mujhe kl okay match ka fullscorcard chahiye
afternoon
what s the current scored of ipl match
ok thnks
what time car is arriving
I need 1 paisa per second offer on my 9160436337 Vodafone number
i want to know ipl team ranking with team points can you help me
tnx for ur reminders
to book movie tickets
Icici ATM near vasna
plz switch off my wake up call
Set reminder for 9.32 pm
do you have fresh menu"s contact
note i want to remove that app as it takes a lot of space
Set remember
is there discount in movies?
ok then leave ill book it tomrw
i already booked pnr no:hg387
price
remind me to transfer money in mom's and ketanbhai's a/c
to watch tv at 5 30
where is the theatre
what about my thrursday reminder?
hii vanisha
ok one more thing i want to share with you
hoo. tq
i want to know availability and fare in ac 3 tier (3a) in train number 12313{product_id:12313_sdah_ndls,api_name:trains_api}
trip to singapore for 4
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 682495, user_id: 1965043, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i don't want any reminder right now
show me ola cabs only
what are good pubs nearby?
okay pls do the needfull
we lost it
i am looking for relocation
Also remind me of visiting juni dombivli school for shiksha purpose at 11.30pm
Near chandan cinema hall
Cancel all my to do list and wake up call
i don't having another card
deals nearby?
wer is my afternoon remainder
Whts the dtc bus fair from peeragarhi to Bahadurgarh
my good
no thanks for the assistance
please show me one way flights from new delhi to mumbai
i need in vizianagaram theatres
thanks vikas
we r riched to jhansi..
what is cashback
What are the flights from jaipur to bangalore today and their departure time
this costly then goibibo
i don't know how you went for special recharge
any offers on electricity bill
monday?
can you again wake me today ( 5th march ) at 7am. set an alarm from 7am -10am with an interval of 5 min.
"please proceed with below flights -		onward flight - rs.18340	spicejet (sg-1028)	belgaum to bangalore	departure: 04:25 pm (11 mar)	arrival: 05:45 pm (11 mar)		spicejet (sg-3308)	bangalore to chennai	departure: 08:30 pm (11 mar)	arrival: 09:25 pm (11 mar)	 {product_id:e5e3aa4d1899cf53d620320c061ebd68f3d99135d036e316bfbe7fe849881cc1dbd1bd0c68e14c1ea35f4d1ff361513972c231c6b407a511665b307fccb84514, api_name:goibibo_api, type:onward_flight, others:onward flight - rs.18340 spicejet (sg-1028) belgaum to bangalore departure 0425 pm (11 mar) arrival 0545 pm (11 mar)  spicejet (sg-3308) bangalore to chennai departure 0830 pm (11 mar) arrival 0925 pm (11 mar) }"
i tried but for uber it is not supported
can you please let me know on which date it is available
u did not remind me for medicine
ok mam
my lappy has some problem
virat kohli runs in ipl _numeral_ till _date_
is landline bill also available?
any deal for mumbai metro recharge???
i need to enquire them i'm planning to buy a tv from that brand i have some concerns so i want there customer care number
i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 56912{product_id:56912_ubl_jru,api_name:trains_api}
Punjabi food
Plz provide me with the train timings from dadar to pune or thane to pune for today.
kalyan
Remind me of next kannada movie in Mumbai
are you machine?
dear sir i want some changes in this schedule ...
reason: have to update my brother birthday pic in way2sms
tell match schedule
movie time
scorw
Nearest metro and the distance.
i have a free plan
Are u people gone mad.. ur irritating me... by sending this reminder after every 2 min...
what s report or tricky match
Find a Samsung service centre in navi Mumbai which can check my laptop or charger as I am facing issues with this.
can u assist to recharge a number
for corporate party
some wt it's better
please remind me to take petrol bill at 6 pm today
mobile and broadband
thks
shilpa aap ho?
after 20 minutes
hi i want a msg and call reminder
hello neha
near edappally
thank you for waking me up
what is the minimum booking to get cashback
Middle seats please
s i willl
i need a cab for my friend whose coming from abudhabi tomorrow for full day
when will be he available
from 14 april to 17 april
is there any pnb atm nearby
hi reshma how are you
update me in _numeral_ mims
Give me the list of movies in theatres now
how abt _date_ may
need hotel
ek tv chyie bhai
which team have more probality to win the match
there is no one means no chat option
i want to know the cancellation charges for ticket
can you book bus tickets as well
What if we make ticket from source station of this train and boarding from dahod ?
nearby naroda
will you book tickets for me?
mujhe train reservation check karna hai
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for mon, 06 march at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 724363-724364-724365-724366-724367-724368-724369-724370-724371-724372-724373-724374-724375-724376-724377-724378-724379-724380-724381-724382-724383, user_id: 1986294, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want outstation cabs
that one is in udupi mam i asked in mangalore.....
Cab you get me coupon codes for uber . Urgent
is gayle playing
Detox green tea girnar
near by famous places to see.. with 5km ..malls etc
tell me the cell no of tilt pub
Any offers if i book an OLA via haptik app ?
gujarat won _date_
what about laundry service
what nonsense i gave you a wrong date and you accepted it
Good Bengali food restaurant
near by yoga classes
Please confirm flight status of go Air
need some address which is near to vanasthalipuram for solar invertor
4th mar
srh score
gaitey galaxy
i would like to book air tickets for varanasi could you assist
blackberry
Want to eat vada pav now
I need to book the train tickets
Is the Virginia mall in Whitefield opened?
bangalore rajdhani fare
just please tell me near by
any offers on bookings
no sorry clicked the wrong option.
now what match is going on
thnks puneet
yes please update the scores
How can i give u money fir recharge
what any offers?
3/16/2017
its not working
I want to book a train ticket to Ahmedabad to jodhpur
it's over
cancel both
pratap nagar metro station delhi
conjuring 3
"just 	tell me charges"
sorry it's sent by mistake
won't u sleep?
1000 to 1500
new bangaigaon
all bollywood
Can you provide me a road map from dibrugarh to bhagalpur
i want to know that the coupon is applicable for no min. ride value or there are some terms and condition
hi i want to book a room in hotel at mount abu  it will cheap be.
tell me about highest run getters
i want to check today's reminder
send me updated points table bro
that is computer system or you are real a girl or boy here???
booking movie tickets?
what if i don't have a bachelors degree, but great communication skill, ability to solve any type of problems. is that still possible to be a haptik assistant?
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 08:30 pm { reminder_list: 246098, user_id: 1587683, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
kabill
Delivery time u call me
who won _date_ s match and whose match is it _date_
No money
hardwar mail
any match of rcb in delhi
Yadgir to banglore train
Can you tell me the cheapest rate cochin to baharain from the date 24 sep to 25oct
but wait i also need to book the return flight along with this
thanks..
Change the time to 9:00
i will like to give feedback wen i'll receive confirmation from operatior 😁
piknik
nope i m watching it live on tv
i had booked this ticket on haptik
hey who won todays match
I need home delivery
want to book a cab to bandra linking road for two how much will it cost.
Train tckt availability for Delhi to Dehradun today
medam mene 28 ko 310 ka richarge kiya wo mere ko nahi mila
call calcutta cricket academy and ask about fee details    equipments reqd   facilities within the fees
suggest me some food for breakfast
mansoor call committed for friday
what sunrisers won
please send updated points table
hey mohit plz change my reminder for drinking water
Which is.nearest ATM
I have any movie theatre near by my location
is yuvraj singh playing in todays match
Raichur to Bangalore ksrtc bus
quality
I want to knew d fare frm Chennai to Bhubaneswar
the score is _numeral_ _numeral_
good night dr
kon player bating kar raga hai
are giving
87 56 600833
i didn't get my cashback of rupee 75 yet.
right now
can you remind me to wish my friend after 2 mins
tell me the matchs _date_
issue*
very good
If the railway tickets are cancelled by us before a week then do they return back us our money?
kk dne
i need your new car alteration
tell me the neatest hall
thanks..
canceled all my rimmder
bairava in palazzo
I want cup cakes n cheese cakes
oh tnx
hey aman..
wat is _date_ score
How much travelling time these flights are taking to and fro
how to use haptik wallet for cab ride?
dance
super job
please remind me tomorrow to buy kiwi . at 10 am
who won _date_ s
can u tell me what is d time at ny right now
Nepal hotel bookings
ok thank you have a nice day
with you
west indies won the match
i am in bangalore
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 712853, user_id: 1533988, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
not now i will do it later
thats good
Send me the schedule for The same train
Pizza hut or kfc
on 25 feb
anytime in the morning
cash deposit
Can you book a cab for me
in trichirapalli dt. samayapuram maniamma temple opening timings needed. pl. help me
U have stopped giving a wakeup call
april
wid scorecard
dont send it
thanx pranay.. have a great evening
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for sat, 04 march at 01:00 pm { reminder_list: 705378, user_id: 1975870, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
or if i vl cancel if waiting is not reduced
i want both today.
plz provide running status 19309
ac chair,  ac third.
not reminder
Shows in panvel
do you have kfc menu with you
status of my order?
no that is okay. i do not need any assistance for now. thanks
want food  in the train
pune should win they are lagging behind poor dhoni not sure even if he ll be able to make it to semis
nariman point
i thought it was a value add
I want late night trains on 3rd
i asked about nearest
no thanks:-)
30
not received bal
again at 7:30
8256673567
now stop tht remainder
yo china
what is the min order i can opt
pls stop the remimder of morning alarm
bit busy catch u after lunch
Please cancel this water reminder
deposit machine for bank ok baroda
i will
who is the best all over player in t _numeral_
is it necessary to have net connection on to receive ur call ??
Need train from bagalkot to Pune direct train
i want to book a private jet {task}
which _numeral_ batsman r batting n thr score please
thank you gaurav
hello meenakshi
when i pick location, it says your google play has stopped working. when i book on uber directly, it fetches the location.but your app doesn't. it says a virus
I want to make trip on dasara holidays to madikeri  can u plz suggest to best and low price rent cars
kkr vs rps
water
ya for 5th march
8755815016
mcdonalds with haptik50
Hukkah lounge
i would like to cancel my reminder to 'go to gym' for wed, 01 march at 07:00 pm { reminder_list: 668950, user_id: 1143596, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
isnt thr any non ac sleeper
code
for 1 person
both time
u look good in red
book my tickets
5 stars to u
8:40am tommarow
Can i know the best restaurant in hyderabad
call me sharp 6.am
what is the current score right now
want to set another reminder
Icici prudential mutual fund office near Mira Bhayandar
set a wake up call on 9930699957 today at 8:30 am
tourist places
yes doing
remind me to take vertin medicine everyday at 9am, 2pm & 8pm
looking for tamil movies
Tum movie timings in inox theatres
date:4rth
I want chicken biryani
jaynagar
who will win this ipl _numeral_
plz find in mayur vihar phase 3
Will I get auto o ola to go to majestic
Mumbai to varanasi
milind here
whats the delivery status of my order?
15 min more
schedule calls till 10am every 10 mins
how far is leisure valley park from iffco chow metro station
Velankanni Exp. 3 tickets
rudrabhatla uma
whats up?
tamilnadu electricity board
why is my electricity bill still showing unpaid ?
And please Wake me up at 5am on 25th sep
hedrabad luctions
_numeral_ april _time_ match tickets
thank you whats win prediction
i will keep you posted
hi. please let me know whether there are any badminton courts near adyar, besant nagar and thiruvanmiyur for hire on an hourly basis.
700060
still the never called up by freeze repair device personal
Class reminder
first time i put the coupon code code and made the payment
any guess who is going to win the match
wen is kkr nxt
that was wake up alarm
i want to know about  hp printer service centre
How is Greenland pizza
Lenovo laptop service
hi any unlimites pizza near bhatha
can u remind me to call uday ved at 1.22pm today
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 06:30 am { reminder_list: 663209, user_id: 1889794, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
what was about tdr
help
hapsar
pls do
how to port
Can I know the timings of the train
i had a hectic day, so before going to sleep is there anything one must read or you would suggest so as to get pleasant sleep :p
shit i just recharged
only todag
i didn't receive referral bonus
can you please cancel my train tickets
how to pay u
kya aapke sabhi employee​ hindi me bat kr sakte he?
i usually get up at 6-6:30 am
I want irumugan tickets
tickets not received
kalke mach me winner team kn he
top bestman kon h
gussa ho
Pls stop this reminder
score kya hua ha
I would need a reminder half an hour earlier please.
👌🏻
anyone maybe the next match at eden
gujrat jeet gai
just sending me live scores
rcb upcoming matches please
Hi Puneet,I have already enquired about booking train ticket to Chennai ..I need to book the ticket for Oct 1 st..can you please check and let me know?
can you book a movie for me?
Any discounts for pizza hut ??
_cab_ you please send mw the rcb score table
i think it has learnt from the earlier ipls
not now...thx
Taj express nzm to gwl which platform number coming
yuvraj score in match
movie hall
great
Is there any train from Pune to andheri or bandra
leave it at the moment
2
share with me via mate aap
how is the movie
"please proceed with below flights -	onward flight - rs.3491	indigo (6e-951)	lucknow to new delhi	departure: 03:00 pm (07 may)	arrival: 04:15 pm (07 may)		indigo (6e-843)	new delhi to mumbai	departure: 06:35 pm (07 may)	arrival: 08:40 pm (07 may)	 {product_id:4c6064d9502c3d036da67019e9103427f0555d8052399902e429e06e8ca67107c47e2f416551e717ea454de93c4bb3a482962901830324d3c3ff78248cdc4aa1, api_name:goibibo_api, type:onward_flight, others:onward flight - rs.3491 indigo (6e-951) lucknow to new delhi departure 0300 pm (07 may) arrival 0415 pm (07 may)  indigo (6e-843) new delhi to mumbai departure 0635 pm (07 may) arrival 0840 pm (07 may) }"
can u help me to find gm electrical switch dealer
Train between Raipur nd Mumbai on today's date
Kotak mahindra bank
can you reminder me of tds tax deposit every month
hey,i've to buy a new phone turbo charger for my moto play phone?
_date_ s match score rps
when will yuvraj retire he sucks
1st may to 30th may
i'll tell you when it would be required.
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 701524, user_id: 1981266, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
4642230466 please check pnr
at 9.00 am in the morning
please send the boarding passes for my air india flight
hey what tha current score
Can you stop the reminders?
"hello aman,	can u plz find me a repair shop for my mixer near by?"
Please cancel my wake up call at 6:30
i want your help regarding hotels in delhi
am look for carpenter
after time  i'll  book the cab
wtf?
flught
I want to book taxi
excellent mam.u so good and helping women
nope..thank you
nope thanks
What documents are required as identify proof for domestic flights?
kittigadu
thanks taken
is the ok
Which is nearest railway station?
i will share reference code
i want a flat near by defence colony
okay but i ll need updates on _date_ s india vs bangladesh t _numeral_ wc match
remind me in 13 minutes
do
manampur
they all seem very weird
Nearest public toilet?
any other banks plz.
where is the bar
hey, can you share the reviews for a movie?{task}
fly1000 coupon is not getting applied...
passenger train thripunithura to chaganasey today details
which are the qualified teams in ipl now
wake me up at 7 am please
that'll
whom do you want to win
i want ciniplanet kompally
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 550584, user_id: 1007471, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
bhayandar
Train from kochi to tvm
Nearest dominos home delivery outlet
are there any offers on train tickets booking
it's sumerpur
tanx
kxip scored
i din receive msg from airtel about payment
who is prany
I found booking the ticket separately work cheaper
I have cancelled this reminder
Kerala
who is made height run in t _numeral_ match
Gwalior to jaijuri trains
please book it after 10mins
can u tell me about radio taxi
7 20 wake me
sneha
I need to order breakfast
Ice creams to Pozhichalur
adress day saktay hay
i want to travel from vadodara to delhi on 8th march
Im looking for offer on pizza
score card of hyderabad
can u please tell me.... in which theatre ezra is playing
live scores for india women vs england women t _numeral_ match
i will like to update later
Yeah I want to order a pizza
Tell me best discounts or cashback on postpaid bill payments upto 250
"		hi, i want to book ubergo {product_id:c58b6622-0be7-4de1-ad60-a9c4d6f4eaa5, api_name:uber, product_name:ubergo, seat_count:none}"
u welcome
Tell me about all trains from maihar, mp to harrad, mp on 29th september
no cancelled
running telugu movies i want to know
send me a table of teams in ipl as rank wise
Pls tell me the plan
"i want to change my assistant in travel category 	right now sandeep assisting me, 	please change"
rcb vs pune sunrisers
i m asking
thank u baby
Can u book me 2 tickets of razz reboot on cinepolis mall
i  want to go ladakh
hey what is the score
thanx sneha. it's really great app. and iam really thankful to you guys for your work.
my heart broken after reading this
can u remind me to call daikon customer care
Off all my remainders and wake up calls
Search me a non veg hotel where we can get a private dining for birthday celebration.. I mean.. a hotel which includes a private room for 8-10 people..
kkr should not win thiss
okk fine
i need live updates of present match
hi,if i book train,what is the service charge in this app?
discontinue this water notification
Book my tickets
updated tables
मालेगांव में सो के बारेमे जाना हे
Seat number with time
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 07:15 pm { reminder_list: 708460, user_id: 1982916, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
How to change date of journey in irctc
at 6:50 am
Nearest ICICI bank ATM from my location.
what are you doing
What would be the cost of reliance jio 4G sim?
can i get a kfc meneu
City pride kothrud
Hey, can you remind me about something?{task}
not now ...but very soon...
resturent
tadwal bus stop plz check
balaji ki chtri kha h shahpura me distk.bhilwala
Air fare kochi to dehli
thnkx
i need some food
not received the confirmation massage for bses payment of 490
yes?
u
can you please also tell me the full playing _numeral_ squad for both teams playing _date_
udipi vihar menu
sbi
entry pe
R flight no.6E 559 indigo
can i get tamil version
no more reminder for water
or recharge
thanx for reminding
what is fare delhi to goa
recharge complete ur haptick
sir i want to cheak..
"bom to delhi 	27 april 	7 adults"
can you give me the whole scorecard
give me some time to decide
means
Sofa spa
detailes score
how much cost
how many liters of water should i drink per day
players and score
Cud u send me menu of
mc d
can you locate a store near me that sells synthesiser, piano
score card of mumbai indians
send gl team list
would u tell me cost
hii shreya
Remind me to call Mihir
just drank
and do the same at 11am today
Tomorrows train
can u tell me the tatkal fair for doon express ....from howrah to dehradoon...
is valid on transaction of travel only?
as notification
can you get me some flights on 15th may to pune
please check hotel in jaipur.
What is the update of my PNR status?
Tata sky tamil callcentre number
and remind me tomorrow to ready all the notes for the meeting with mr. robertson
gulati
hey can i get an appointment at green trends parlour for 5 15 pm today
i have to learn science practical at 6pm sharp
ticket price of hedrabad kalkatta match
so you will be there all the time ?
kal ke match konse hai
in sonepat
please check departure timings n updated me if any changed
please provide me every update of todays ipl match
_date_ ka last score the
how much over
I want jain pav bhaji
Car for Ma - reminder at 1.30
How to reach ooty from hyderabad?
5 call
is there any offer on rail ticket
14732 is not available in tatkal on 29/09/2016 from Nabha or Patial?
oh nice
let me what are the remaining matches
bus ticket
thanks wish u d same
if anything will text
Malls nearby?
Need to order pisza
wen is de next mumbai indians match
i m looking out for pure veg restaurant home delivery
sorry by mistake chick
what about others for orange cap
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for everyday at 05:00 am { reminder_list: 720285, user_id: 1982436, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
I have to book train ticket to bhopal,as i have ssb on 26 at morning there
how to see a better guideline in my life
Bus ticket to Bangalore
plzz... find cheaper flight as in indigo
hi soham
can i use all amount?
Jaipur to bombay 15th nov flight
sirr
y no reply from your side
max 600
sorry i go throw cab option
can you search any clinic near by velachery bus stand
sorry i want u to stop giving me reminders for water
Remind me to take cash from mom tomorrow at 9 am
whos batting first
anjali anjali anjaliii
i would like to change the schedule
ok any other movie?
hey! i wnt to ask u something
hotel near ne
wat to do !!
Reminder to take papers
venkies
I want  travel Sirohi to Udaipur .. please check bus time schedule
gud nyt hve a sweet dreams
do you think rcb can win this time
Remind me on 18th morning 730 am
Want infrmtn regarding seat in train frm durg to hzrt nizmddin
4.3.2017
check pnr status 4849287206
i want one help
and from abd
what about 8 am
amristar
Can you help me to find nearest post office,Majherhat station,kolkata?
ghjzjvjfzigsjf
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for fri, 03 march at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 683001-683002-683003-683004-683005-683006-683007-683008-683009-683010-683011-683012-683013-683014-683015-683016-683017-683018-683019-683020-683021, user_id: 1924654, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Train number 12344 3a cls
Please find nearby Pooja Shop in Lucknow Gomtinagar Vishwash Khand Nehru Enclave
i had a bad experience
will you help for ticket booking of live match
hi betting is the best but bolling very bad
i want the schedule of ipl
need to know when the match starts
if i book right now amd if i need to change my travel date then, with the same airlines, what penalty do i need to give
please stop remainder drink water
how u could remind me
i am saying i asked you to update me every _numeral_ min about the score of the match
Aandavan katali rating ?? Iys a tamil movie
please share full score board both of team
rcb or srh
plz show near by restaurants
hey could u plz show me the list of train from naughaur to mumbai
i did that
what's yr name
1 sec
I want a taxi from indore to dewas with a very cheap fare
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 22128{product_id:22128_kzj_ltt,api_name:trains_api}"
now near by petrol pump
helo mam but rs 60 deduct for 30 recharge , haptik bal 30  smartapp bal 30  for one recharge this is not good
can i recharge reliance jio
i prefers qatar with single stop via doha  please let us know your views and wuotes
you need to remind please @ time 12 pm
my lovation
sir i meant is there any reminder scheduled
How to reach Alliance university by bus
For aircel,Vodafone,idea
can book
no. tq
it was shifted to eden garden
What is the fare of this movie in inox greater noida
krna hoga
thαnk u
der?
17.03
ohh do you hav point chart
love you.good night
to call rehan
is surya kumar yadav looking in good touch
cng filling station pls
mumbai ipl match venues are shifted to visakhapatnam could remind me when tickets are available online
i cannot book tickets
in kphb
what's up number
😎
hello umang give me reply it's urgent
berth is confirmed or not sir
overs remaining for rcb
thank you whose match is _date_
I have to go to Patna on 29 oct
i ca n t load images
jrnail saab aakhri match kidan aa
plz cancel all reminder
delhi se patna
my driver is not coming
4 guests..check in 11th march check out 13th march
i need a bank of baroda cash deposit machine
Remind me to take casata ice cream
why. have youstoppe calling
Timing
please let me know the final price after all discounts so that i can finalise
ya thnks
attabira bargarh
Karnakata bank
it's ok no problem, thanq
Can you look a train for me to goregaon
maine change krdia h payment method uber me se cash h hi ni 😂
i feel kings _numeral_ can win
any offer available for cab
i wil catch u later
Can I get a bus for jamjeer waterfall from junagadh city?
did you get the mail
in and around powai.
I want to go to Sirsa from Pune
thnkz
can you give me all results of matches between ind and new zealand in worldcup tournaments
lucknow to bhopal
which team won the match
don't have a window?
who has scored the highest
running train seemanchal exp.
not this one
2127972231
Idbi bank
Hello may you help me with the trip to go at mumbai tomorrow
the match is over right
search from Jaipur or ajmer
is okay williamson playing _date_ in gujrat and hyderabad match please check
mujhe isme kya krna he
thanks for that
aur sexy
I am still receiving text messages remimder. Please cancel these reminders.
wake me up today at 0745
tonight at 11-30 remind me to take pan drive for video lectures
from mumbai to delhi
you idiot
Okay any flight having stop at Visakhapatnam n then Raipur
hello! from what time will the lenovo service centre in jaynagar be open today? and when does it close?
what is the result of _date_ s match
I want to go to a good north Indian cuisine
menu for burger king
can you keep updated with the love score once the match starts
kajariya tiles showroom in kanpur
royal challenger have won _numeral_ matches
my reminder?
set a reminder at 2am
okay show me tickets for three tier
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for fri, 03 march at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 681828-681829-681830-681831-681832-681833-681834-681835-681836-681837-681838-681839-681840-681841-681842-681843-681844-681845-681846-681847-681848, user_id: 1976787, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
not may
before ipl season winner who
i am looking for home delivery
but i would like to know whether there is any subtitles there
nothing just i wanted to talk to you.
offers on bill payment
"		i would like to cancel my reminder to 'thanks' for everyday at 07:30 am { reminder_list: 591013, user_id: 1944119, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
thanks yaar
please give me the live update for every _numeral_ mins in a pic please okay
Cab booking offer on ola/uber
want to book flight from chennai to goa
score for _date_ match
no thanks gloria
i want to purchase tickets for ipl _numeral_ in visakhapatam city please can you help me
Cake delivery right now
Pala , universal theater show times and movie list
india is out na
k bye thanks
make sre m wake up
hindi ate hay
Hi..can u tell deals near me on food
the payment didn't go through
Can you book my bus tickets
thank u send more tips
with ac how much ?
is it stopped now?
nagpur goa train
Also remind me that exams are approaching in this same reminder
it's dhakuria , kolkata
idly dosa in carry road near shop
hey buddy tnx for these updates its inuff now i can access it live
ok 16 seat number which side sir
leading scorer in ipl
n c u
no show me all flights
Any offer for Vodafone recharge
with ₹75 cashback
hey can u help me with a cash depositing machine in indiranagar
april _numeral_ - mumbai - rcb
Can you please find standard chartered bank near my location.
is there any offers on postpaid bill
doing great?
ahmedabad
7/3/2017
Gym nearby
Name some upcoming Hollywood movie
whats the match _date_
please just tell me
most runs wickets most sixes
can you message me as and when there is a fall of wicket
icici
i want to be booking a cab
hey david
"		i would like to cancel my `wish c. r happy birthday!` reminder for fri, 10 march at 11:57 pm { reminder_list: 690728, user_id: 1979090, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
multi cuisine restaurants in lower parel
can i check aadhar card staus
can  u find any store named as kahanak located  at road number 1  banjara hills
no sorry set my remainder it's a wrong press
gud afternoon nishant
hello.. without smile not good
every one hour
call me at 8 and remind me to study.
hi...need steam iron service in gurgaon, near sector 10a
like now
i want to ticket
hi shruti..😊
yas
Hi I want availability of train from gandhidham to Mumbai on 31 October
what score in live ipl match
what is the approximate time to be started the game
which cab is available? ola or uber?
nooi
mujhe riddhi se bta krao
not now. thanx
indoor to goa flight fair 11th march
Will dominos deliver to my address
Icici bank?
uco bank branch
tnxs
2 liters down already
treat hona
Any offers on recharge
kb tk ptaa clega
kia optima car ka indian price btao
Have available daily train for Pune to thane or kalyan
hey, can you remind me about something?{task}
Hi.  I have a postpaid Vodafone connection. My usual bill is upward 2k per month.  Pls suggest a good postpaid plan That's cheaper
Kol to Bangalore flight last Monday of fev2017,economy class
is there ticket available
hey i would like to book dwaraka tickets in advance which is going to release tomorrow.
search me a hotel
see out or not out
kx _numeral_ p vs rps
i will thank you
will mumbai indians go for semi final
Travelling to allahabad can u suggest a decent hotel with a swimming pool wiil reach at 9p.m
best biryani center
then why guj is at top
you will not ask me that how am i
so you mean d match is done aftr _numeral_ overs
do you know any trek organised
book this for 20 march
why isnt there any match _date_
tq buddy
can you find me nearest juice shops
give me score after every two overs
what is the timing of _date_ final
get the offers of idea
do you know about the new app veute
I want dosa
any offer on bill payment?
how many overs nehra has to ball
i need 'virgin coconut oil' for skin disease.. can you please help where can i get
no i want at 5'o clock at morning
can you talk train for go tomorrow nadiad to ahamdbad before 12 pm
is it possible to book railaway ticket on 30 june from bhubaneswar to firozabad
Is my flight on time
mts store
Wake me up after 6 hours and 40 minutes
yes srh vs gujrat
biryani
remind me after 45mins
Remind me every day by 10:30pm to eat chyavanprash and apply Vaseline
telenor
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 08:30 am { reminder_list: 701222, user_id: 1981248, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
the urban clap didn't send anybody today either
.k thank u
am i eligible for cashback on my first three rides ??
what price
waffles
in porur
I change my flight ticket
let me know about the dates of rps match s and also the opponents
hey i need  a driver
Want service
we will reach bagddogra on 22 airport
What are the restaurants available for home delivery around my location.
so as per your records trip has not ended
kindly give details of buses from travancore gate kochi to airport
Book ola cabs from Bangalore cantonment railway station to corporation bank,8thblock,koramangala.
not am
Book couple of tickets for me for tonight
special offer on kfc
team india
the ticket
can you remind me at 12.30 the same
every day 8am
full score sent
i want 5ticket of ms dhoni
is match in kanpur is finalised
please update current match ststus
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 717543, user_id: 1984546, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
what are the ipl matches scheduled _date_ please
that's all jay, just let me know if the status of pass 4 get changed ...
who is winner _date_
Naturals ice cream closest to Ashok Garden Sewri
give me any copun
to pay someone tomorroq
ok.. thanks.
i want _numeral_ tickets for ind vs aus match
i'll let u knw when 2 book
whos on the top
320232016092
put reminder on 3rd march 2017
set my one time reminder 4:45pm today only
ek acha gaana bgenji
veg food
where can i find a curtain shop nearby
ipl khatam kya
can u let me know the entry charges
please send vijayawada cab details
Any restaurant is in sangagiri
i want to change my destination
return date 6 june 2017 from kerala
why refund processed is not credited back to my account
Train running status of 11102
hi !!
hallo
rakesh
thanks archana
lyf service center
guharar
no not now mostly on weekend
he asked me to reconfirm the visit
what to book flights
can i book a hotel for stay at port blair
beauty parlour near to rtc busstand vijayawada
hi sorry i want to change the timing for 5pm for eletrician
i want to travelling
today's poorve express train status
checking
Give me the train schdule of 14807
everything is ok
Does this hotel in jhansi or somewhere else
19413 train live status and platform no ajmer station
innings break must have been over now
i need to go to axis bank..near st.inez panjim
i need a mecanic for repairing my scooty... its not starting... i need the mecanic urgent
My papa is a travel agent
ok but south indian idli
can you arrange for today
I want to go tarkarli for 8th and 9th oct. Please find the best and cheap route.
i was doing recharge on another no
remind me for linkedin on 30th march 2017
hi, i'm interested in watching split. {movie_name:split}{task}
i am travelling from chennai to mumbai on april 28 and returning in 29
tickets plsz
Train ticket to Hyderabad on 31-10
please help me with udyan express platform number at dadar station
hi nishant
okkk. thanks
i feeling bore today..
if u helpe i will give u 5 stars
Hey i want to know tha.how much time it will take to go from rajouri metro station to indraprastha metro station
hi samiksha
8010471554 reliance
which team is going to win _date_
in kota
which teams are playing in todays match
hi rohini
Jabalpur to delhi flight cheapest....16.11.16....nd 16.10.16
need a reminder
it's to costly
tell me _date_ s match schedule akash
want to rent a coat
Jaipur se chandigarh sleeper bus
Janatha garage tickets
any offers ?
start from 12
dammam
please let me know the customer service number or mail id
when will i get the talk time for the recharging
dynamix pvr
it was said that i am eligible for 75 cash back but not received yet
I want a sleeper and 6 of is
find me nearby pnb atm
can u book tickets in tatkal
how can i use this cashback
want to recharge
ok but in punjab
ok sending the payment link for 3086
gayle score _date_
give me all details of time also
delhi to nuremberg /nuremberg to amsterdam/amsterdam to delhi
for kkr vs srh match
Which film?
i want to dj chetas program tckit 13 march tulip star juhu
hey divya last time you provided me the wrong schedule of ilp- _numeral_
What is the best offer for my number?
give me updates after every _numeral_ overs
What is the cheap flight
no... thanks.. if any i will let you know
todays match stats
thanks melisa i already booked my seat
another one
Ifsc code of axis bank near busstand faridkot
Activate DND on my mobile
i have made the habit to drink
Movie Ticket?
Gime 3G plans for airtel
no thats done
if i ask for the score card for several times is it okay because i dont want to irritate you by asking the same question again and again
for delhi
Could you find me a nearest dominos pizza
yes but there was an outside chance for dd as long as diminy at the crease
is der any offers
tell me the score of _date_ s ipl
i do n t want reminder just give me updates
yes i want to pay
i want chicken momos
am looking for malls near me
Can u please help me to find out goft shop near Vadodara Railway Station
off the reminder
a please tell team of india on zimbabwe tour dhoni is there
Reminder needed
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 06:00 am { reminder_list: 682755, user_id: 1977090, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
I want to know NYC cafe or lounge in sector 5
at 2.30
ajj konse match hai
fantasy league not working
please can you book from majestic ?
help me to get a connection train from palakkad to kollam on 5/3/17
Near by dominoz
3/4/1900
please see me image
"		i would like to cancel my to-do: jogging time for everyday at 05:45 pm { reminder_list: 464951, user_id: 1850043, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i need to change my airarabia ticket date. is this possible.?
thanks ☺️
Yes. Got the table. Thanks!
Train to Madurai
remind me to pay credit card bill on 12th march
actually i want to enquire about the tickets for the semi finals of t _numeral_ world cup men s
no i don't need it
can u cancel my ticket plz
Can you please send me the Train ticket for my Journey Thane to Pune on 10th August 2016.
can*
fake you guys
rcb vs rps matcn in bangalore min ticket prices
can you show me swimming pool???
can i have all the teams and squad details
can u tel me the expiry date of my wallet balance ?
please keep me updated with the live scores every _numeral_ mins
ola cab
which hollywud movie is releasing this weak on fiday
l
wr r u ????
alarm today 6 am
complete scorecard of todays match
Can you tell me d best bus no.
ashok mehta 1,a1 45,a1 43,
lizards, cockroach and termites
And remind me to call Mr.Prabhat Mishra
i want to bluecross address in vijayawada
hey i use i phone 5s i had kept the reminder so now the sound doesn't come for the reminder
who deliver to my place
oh.shut.iam telangana
nexa showroom nearer to me
yes got it
plz cancel my ride. i want to book another cab. driver is arrogent
what s status now
From which platform NewDelhi To Bhopal Shatabdi Express will depart from Delhi today morning??
tell me d current score
going on
ngp to pune
thanks hasan..bye take care
remind to book a train ticket for next morning on 8th march 10 pm
system fails to fetch location on clicking
i just signed up
sort of helpful but not fully
12003
Can u order a Mac alloo tikki
7:49 pe khana hai pls call me
i want to book movie ticket.
sorry that was by mistake
movie like doctor strange
Hii please tell me nearby uco bank
Tysm for the call...
axis atm to amount deposit
seat available surat to delhi by flight on 7 march
jaipur to udaipur 11th march ticket status, evening train
hello hasan..how r you
ok... bro
i want to book tickets under armed forces quota
want human resources help line number
okay thanks. will inform if i need one of them.
now?
kohli is there
you can book
I want to order from restaurants
romantic movies near me....
i would like to cancel my reminder for mon, 13 march at 10:00 pm { reminder_list: 695899, user_id: 1980437, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
any change in price or still the same price
nearby hotel
i want ticket from sultanpur to thane on 9 april 2017
hey sumit
Can you book cabs ?????
kathgodam ki
q nindia pakistan
where is in the hospital
how can i pay
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for sat, 04 march at 01:19 am { reminder_list: 701231, user_id: 1980747, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
hip
alright two wake up call for me
give me full score card
pnq-blr
it's international
i want buffet
and for every 3 hours remind me
hourly reminders
hello i am from usa
i need it very urgently
can i know how much is the cost for wonderla tommoro per person i'm a student
tell -_-
I have a shoot at 3 in the afternoon so please remind me that I have call the equipment rental guy at 1 to give him address n have to leave for the shoot by 1:45 max
not the ipl
Nearby monginees shop
Cabs
can i get air asia customer care no.
is it for train booking?
Remind me to deposit money  into Sarvodaya bank on 16 September 2016 at 9 am
finally abhi to...m wazirabad new delhi m hu
do you have the full scorecad
Deepika, Yesterday I asked you for a washing machine mechanic and you called up a centre named Cyborg Technologies. Today the mechanic came to check my washing machine and I was surprised to see that the man did not know how to check or repair the washing machine. He also didn't knew how to find in which part is the problem. So I recommend Haptik that plz don't recommend Cyborg Technologies to anyone, it is a very bad centre.
i have to pay 50 only
i tell u later if u dnt mind
gud evening shilpa
yes i got ticket
plz send my all booked ticket
sweets
wat is d scorre
i want to book cab in lowest rate
they lost
hav u done it
finals of ipl
what place on the table will rcb end up at if they win _date_
okk dear thanks
but y dey ddnt score
yeah u too bro
Book bus tkt from Chennai to thiruvalla on16 sep 16 and pathanamthitta to Chennai on 18. Sep 16
Call on 9987577786
i want to start it from tomorrow morning
2809439563 tell me status
"hi,,, 	thanks 	i already booked a train"
iwant 2tickets
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 722567, user_id: 1978563, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
pan card agkpm8913e
could i get the invoice of this payment?
Find best price for flight ticket from Hyderabad to Coimbatore
Show me for aandavan katalai
near by bar
who bowled more dot balls this ipl
id
little fast please
Don't order my food
When should I leave in dehradun express train no. 19019 to have to reach in dehradun on 4th January 2017
wen i can expect my food
no i don't want to eat tgat
i had it thank u
Can u book a cab?
may i get the
Cancel water reminder message and phone calls.
a witty robot indeed
garden reach
"		i would like to cancel my call jolly reminder for sun, 14 may at 11:55 pm { reminder_list: 684117, user_id: 1974469, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Hi, can you provide me with laptop repairing service at home?
seat ?
time from here
i am little busy
durranto to mumbai
can you give me the number of bajaj finance personal loan department
Tell me all the nearest indian post office within 5 km area
i don't need that time only u should
any ent specialist near my location
hi, i'm interested in watching khaidi no 150. {movie_name:khaidi no 150}{task}
_date_ is a match
i want 2 order 1 plate mutton frm the royal indian hotel near chitpur
kya kohli out ho gya
Can you please find me an Allahabad bank atm?
kamal watch co
ipl match schedules
show my water reminder timing please
Train number 12724 route map
i want tickets in delhi next match
mumbai indians have a match _date_
near walnut school shiwane pune
i will conform it later as my train arrives
congrates for pune
no balance my account so i cant recharge
from faridabad to hazrat nizamuddin
can u tell me budget of tour of kerala
i want to know the charges of gyms near gurgaon sector 15 part2
Is this offer valid for everything on the menu?
want to go mumbai to nathdwara by sleeper bus 50 persons
i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 09:00 am { reminder_list: 706575, user_id: 1713805, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
Dth payments
Axis bank deposit machine
what's my reminders for tomorrow
can u plz recharge my no
Suggest me the hotel
hey can you tell me who won the match after the match is over
is there any cash back code?
send me cricket game name for iphone mobile
can you give me a wake up call for 7:30 am?
You don't need to call me..just text
is there cash in in atm  in chheharta amritsar
waste
can u please send me the train which are going to chennai from hyderabad
Multiplex
is there any age limit
cancel the cab
no one is delivered to batchupally area
book 3 tickets for me from my id with the help of that offer
i will tell u the time and flight
not really.thank you
hi pls wake me up at 10 am tomorrow and kindly remind me to call mr. h. elango tomo afternoon.
this mumbai indians yes
who were the wicket takers for delhi
but its not paid
Can u tell me the timings and tickets of Pink in xion hinjawadi cinema hall?
who wins last night
Where is nearest diagnostic center
i ask most runs not individual highest score
can u suggest me any good restaurants for this sunday?
Show me the fare for train aravali express
butterfly indection stove service center in bangalore
please update me abt the score after every over
very disappointing for kkr
net centers
All alarm stop
gd nyt
is there any teddy bear market in kolkatta
i want offer in these tickets
this promo code
any free offer
see me point table
how may i wish good morning to my girlfriend with a gift?
same jorny wt i gave u
Can u please cancel tomorrow's wake up call?
i want to order britani
after toss send me both team squad
set me a reminder call to withdraw a money from atm at 1 pm
Give me a call to wake up rather than just a msg
jorabagan
kya
what is your tomorrows match prediction
hello can u help me to find a shop
Raichur to shiridi train
in surat
what is the amount
can i pay cod?
online
mobile recharge
after an hour would be good.
by bus
it's a boring day
ha btao
will let you know in sometime
morning 8am
is the final match ticket available
Wake up call at 8
atleast calls
i don't need train..
movie tickets for Dhoni this friday
indian team matches
do we have get the tickets from the ground
that thing u tell before booking na madam
Hospital near me
What about the review of irumugan
please tell the points table
please update every over score
send me every score every _numeral_ minutes
Nearest airport in India for flight to Bangkok
kya app is institute kya cntct no humko de sakte hye?
for rcb
need to see all privious made reminders.can u send them all?
bus to jaipur
i need to assist when i take lunch
Buses from Nigdi Bhakti Shakti to University
who scored the most for rcb
r u kidding me?
all my friends
for biryani n all
name that tolls
can you help me with the contact number of chalakudy indusind bank
Uber Cab for Central Station, Chennai tomorrow
i want reminder of ambala cantt bus
no feedback...
I don't want to order
No more reminders please.
nah. thanks a lot.
Can you please give me best rates for country inn & suites goa
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 698832, user_id: 1937296, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
by 11.46 u tld 4 to 5 mins nw itis 12.19
i dont want ipl updates
shopping mall near andheri east
for taking book
hi! i'm looking for someone to help me with appliance repair.{task}
no david !! thanks
do inform me.
can you tell me where is aricel office near my location.
8197464587 airtel karnataka
i am in guwathi railway station
Canara bank near opulant mall gaziabad
i would like to cancel my to-do: international license. for everyday at 11:00 am { reminder_list: 526155, user_id: 1153438, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
which man of the match last match
sorry i want reminder for water
may i know the clinic nearby
Where is the nearest Andhra bank atm from my location?
I wanted to order rasmalia..
which team is on rank _numeral_
i need a red tshirt
Unlimited 2g
live updates needed
ur name
full month cost i want
will let you know wen its required
hey, i want to order food for delivery.{task}
i have reach at 12 can you give me reminder at 11am
since last night
is it a chat bot automated app?
Hey can u tell me about near by Icici bank branch
i think aisle seat has been selected
next week hindi movies
3/3/2017
Hello i want to book tickets frm jodhpur to mumbai
i need it post 6 pm only
i want to book a train from surat to bhavnagar for 6 march
Hello...can I get food delivery over here?
hey i want to know where i can get good butter chicken nearby at a reasonable price
so wht kind of other services u can provide
pls shw me the wakeup cal schdul
Now iam in st.mount station
Hi can u pls help with buses facility from Hubli to Dandeli
what are the prospects of _date_ s match
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 06:00 am { reminder_list: 550492, user_id: 1590585, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
What is the train no
i was not gat any wakup alarm
hey i have to go jaipur
yoo
commando 2 in gutur please search
Jet airways office near to me
atm near about jammu bus stop
Any offers on booking tickets of oozham or oppam at cinepolis kochi?
children movies or today's all movie and their timmings
get me subway menu
these r not near salunke vihar
i dont want to go anywhere
can you remind me when yuvi will come
no no... so the total amount waived off will be 15% of 3994
stop this reminder...
k.v hisar cantt haryana
where can you watch finals _date_ in gurgaon
"Fixing phone and PC"
red velvet caje
i want to book flight from mumbai to bhubaneswar
very high fares
10 mins
Please suggest me some non-veg restaurents near thakur village,kandivali.
ekm to pattambi
j j colony khanpur
what is the squad of delhi
at 10 'o  also i need to cancel
Kindly stop the water call reminder temporarily
Please check seats availability for 11th October for any all trains from dehradun to delhi
k thank you.please cancel this reminder
Please check seat availability of uttarbanga express. Sealdah to new coochbehar. 3AC dated 14/10/16
at nellore
ha koi cash back milega
How to book irctc ticket
just remind at 10:45 pm today that i have to do my office work..
This hotel is good. But tell price including lunch dinner also
any other it is closed
reshmaji
can you please confirm me Gujrat S Kranti running status
hey srh score send me
i am siraj ansari don
vodafone
i want how to reach from ambala to kasauli? cheapest road transportation available?
hey can an outside maharashtra student get admission in coep pune
florist nearby pls?
i do not understand
any news for match
i want a drinks right now
basically movers and packers
no need to do
"dated 21 to 22n 	mumbai kolkata	2 adults	chepest fare"
"please show me one way flights from hyderabad to kochi 		onward date - 09 march"
i am new to this app
thus this app charge any extra cost?
how did kohli got hurt
or off?
cl radhakrishnan phti
I want to book a table for 3 in absolute barbecues in Jubilee Hills
april 4th
Show me all the reminders today
whos out
byeee
call me and remind me to study from 7 pm tonight
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 04:04 pm { reminder_list: 692011, user_id: 1668517, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
you can check it if available tell me for it
i want to book for two people
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 03:28 am { reminder_list: 719342, user_id: 1984960, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
which movies are showing at my location
"in the reminder call	give accounts to manav"
I want 2 business class tickets from Delhi to Kolkata on sunday
hey bitch.. wake me up at 7:45 pm ..
i ordered but
haha no am good
when is the next train to bhusawal
can u sing for me
show me some good kerala hotels near me?
gimme a list of mid range restaurants in lower parel
suman it's 3:30 in the morning
youvaraj sing sold to which team in ipl n for how much ammount
2 adult 1 infant
results of _date_ s match
need you to call me
ok thank you
are there any offers on ola
arrival: 04:40 pm (08 apr)
Hello can you please cancel my wake up alarm
i just want to know secunderabad to nizamabad
e conmerce logistics firm
i knew the result i ask the score of individual of every player of both teams
what about kishora vidya bhavana?
thats all
is it alright?
wats ur name
what is the status
hi, i'm interested in watching kung fu yoga. {movie_name:kung fu yoga}{task}
offers on food
i wanted to know about make my trip feature where you can book flexible flight tickets and fix the price
can u plz check if k factory in aundh plays loud music?
so finals has been set srh vs rcb
plz display the movies list again buddy..
Row L 28 29
pl send ticket
400 002
Could you please explain the condition of W/L in booking train ticket?
what was the total gross collection of ae dil hai muskil
i'm looking rooms in pondicherry
399 plans
mrng match
Ac?
Stop all reminders pls
are u south indian
airtel post paid bill payment
ind v s pakistan women match score
newzealand
hello nalini.
location of dominoes near about me
okk baby good night
let me know about ipl final _numeral_
emoji
In which theatre
is any flight for nagpur now?
What is the best coupon code/cashback available on paytm for electricity bill payment
yesday mumbai score board
when n where is final
Can u cancel my flight
one hell of a match
what price
pls check if the tickets are confirmed
yah
you'll call me?
_date_ s kkr dd match score
I want to reserve a table at the little door
4/18/2017
i want to know which movies is running in nagavalli ?
"		i would like to cancel my `wish jyoti happy birthday!` reminder for thu, 16 march at 02:20 pm { reminder_list: 693388, user_id: 1979922, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
prime
thank you appreciate it
any good resort like chokidani
thts my num
closest cab??
Hey I need to pay my Tata docomo bill
beer
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for sat, 04 march at 01:15 pm { reminder_list: 704244, user_id: 1981625, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
right now i m at parbhani bus stand
i am on the way to trichy... is it possible to me how much time to reach trichy?
224181420819269
why can i send details about 1 march i wna save it for next year so that i don't forget next tym
i want to know any courier facility available from bangalore guledgudda
there was no update of scores
sure...
Find me d nearest Wine shop
placed already thx
Cancell all my reminder
i'm going to northeast
thanq guys
I want aloo Paratha from cafe dlite goregaon
can you give me the schedule of todays matches
wake me at 6:30 am today
thanks for your information.
Are there coupon codes available which cn make flights more cheaper
I watch a banjo movie
Water tank cleaning person no responsibil
who is the owner of rcb team
can i get match scheduled of pune super giants
it's paid or free app
we have 2 adult   2 child
can you send latest updates _date_
eng vs sa score
time : 9pm
what is fullform is ipl
utkal
want to get my chimney repaired
distance from u g deluxe hotel to cambridge institute of technology
why is mumy recharge still pending?
virat kohli
i would like to cancel my reminder for everyday at 06:00 am { reminder_list: 645408, user_id: 1966589, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
pls telme destination
may i know how long my wallet balance wil be vaild?
But that remainder remaind me every 2 hour
Metro station n how to reach there by bus
near theatere
can you notify me the notification in full screen like alarms
can you tell me something?
who is zainul
i would like to check in for both the tickets
ETA for the train again plzz
earlier you provided me with the last metro timing that departs from chennai airport. whereas, i asked you the last metro timing that departs for chennai metro from cmbt metro station.
thanks for info
Can you please find me a nearest PNB ATM
dr. p k ganguly, netaji nagar road, ward no 3, gandhi colony, kolkata, west bengal
what reason for that?
is there any train
hi when is the next match of rcb
i already booked ticket
27,jwalaganj fatehpur up
i want ret and ditel
can you provide live scores in every _numeral_ mins
is it sunny outside
to give u feedback
how to deactivate haptik?
hey can you send me which players play in _date_ s match punnhab vs bangalore
Can I Get pizza?
ranchi. se gujarat kitna duri hai
"i need a 5 kg cake on 08th of this month at my office in gurgaon	sector 74a"
kindly update me on the e scores of the final match
bari brahmna
man of match series
Which trains start from Bombay central
How to get Dubai tourist visa?
yesteray score table
nooo
its grt for nw thnx
please tell me the future ipl matches date and venue
Hey can you get me menu of freezeland
_date_ match in ipl team
i want my uber account to be changed
who has purple cap
i need a honda bike service center where my bike can get repaired but somebody needs to pick up from hal area
why are you not replying me bye i'm uninstalling you
i am unable to login
and please let me know aboy todays match
please stop reminder s
ipl todays match
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for fri, 03 march at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 695226-695227, user_id: 1874965, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
please try leaving blr on monday,12 and return 16
hey can you inform me about next kkr match held
hello i need to know the mall located near bellary ??
any hope for rcb
if sunrisers loss in that game nis it
when india gon na play its next match
i want ipl match prediction
r there any discount
is this ola
barnala to rajpura first bus ?
from chennai to cbe
aap mujhe bta sakte ho ipl ka parso ka match kiska kiska hai
are u providing ny cashback for bses bill payment
can i get 7 tickets
can you give me duplicate tickets of howrah to puri in jagannath expresz on 2nd november 2016
delete  the first reminder
thanks rajendra
okkk calll me till i pick the calll
tell me which are the studios in bunts circle
no let it be
for 16th april
relaxing .. i need full body massage
Set a reminder call for 3 minutes from now
hmmm.
i'll come back to you later
do you charge for this
remind me to call my girl at 3.3o am today
whats the score this tyme
but the abv link i can't check the class availability
cost per night?
when is the next rcb match and with who
a.p
toooo expensive
this code is applicable to airtel postpaid if i do that?
thank u haptik team for what you are doing i don't know who is on the other side computer or a human being really grt job
kennedy's menu
can you give _date_ match score card
and bill payment
can you tell me about best honeymoon destinations
just please confirm the address
horror movie
there's only 2 company?
I wanted a ticket of dares Salam Tanzania I want the lowest price of up down dates are-29/9 or 30/9 to 17/10
like, barbecue nation
I noticed elsewhere raaz reboot running at lido mall 4 pm show. Please check and confirm
and finals venue
need ac
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sat, 04 march at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 710328, user_id: 1356681, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
"		i would like to cancel my call tulshi reminder for sat, 04 march at 08:10 pm { reminder_list: 707237, user_id: 1958244, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
who s wicket had fallen
they are not talking to anyone
how it is cncled
train cash back ?
can you help me with that
need tasty foods
Can u plz find me nearest hdfc atm??
they have called up and told to refund in urban clap
_date_ s match updated
check for other academy
what is the charge i have to pay for cancilation
by 9th no limitation for time
Nearby mechanic shop?
my location is dondapadu,nalgonda
it will lesser the amount or you will pay cash
Is any Tamil movie releasing today?
the first innings in the srh match is done it seems
please wait i will come back
Nearest studio?
145rup me 14gb airtel de raha aaj ke news aisa diya tha
at the moment just surfing the app
whn is uefa champion
pls remind me only on weekdays
byeeee
i wanna see hotels that allow unmarried couple in noida
just now noticed that while i selected march 15 th as my booking date .. i see that ticket was booked on 14th instead
no i don't want to cancel this
no good morning
koi bat nhi
Hi, I want to book tickets for Rustom. {movie_name:Rustom}{banner}
pl remind at 9888611687 .
Please cancel the 2 tickets in AC 2 tier in radhikapur express on 11 th Sept frm Farakka to kolkata
Muje flight ka rate jana hai mumubai to cheenai novmbear me
i just want to nearby release
what's is distance between moon and earth
More ATM nearby
kkr full team with owner
cn i hv info ab travel packages ?!!
this offer is not working.
I am looking for train sealdah to ballia
no nt required
yes near manav mandir, a lady physiotherapist for taking ultra sound treatment
Pls cancel this reminder
e😘😘😘
bhatpara to delhi is 4-3-2017
4people
done?
for 10th from coimbatore to tuty
thank's
reminder tomorrow
20 passengers to travel
what vll be my total cost
accha aap mujhse friendship karna chahoge
okay.
stop reminding!!!
what the fuck...reply
i will inform you in the evening
no ac chair car train?
i am in indhra nagarjuna green trends
please exclude saturday and sunday for water reminders
no bye
please find a nearest agm for me with full of cash
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 596029, user_id: 1950203, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
it s above _numeral_ right now are your updates a little late
only between 10:00am to 6:00pm
then is this offer valid for next 3 rides
show me train tickets from mumbai to chennai
do you have any info about trains traveling to delhi
i need to know the price in chinnaswamy stadium on _date_ may tickets prices from starting range
plaease
Sony experia
thane
just checked the inbox
is there any shop in dharavi who make leather shoes?
i would like to cancel my to-do: to drink tea for everyday at 04:00 pm { reminder_list: 658183, user_id: 1969817, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
of dell service center
i will go with me marathi order
pls tell me the cheapest airfare to bangkok in june
can u assist me finding a machine by which all the insects,lizards dont remain in kitchen
I am traveling by train 12242. Fromamritsar to Chandigarh. Which station in Chandigarh wifi be close to go to Chandigarh airport by auto
Any travel facilities Jabalpur to Jaipur
web check-in for today
y m c a's maharashtra english school pune enquiry number
can you inform me when the flight for 8 april
oye,can u find me d dotnet centre in madurai
Kolkata  to patna train
true data subscription
oops. . . nice
so now what can i do
took
oh thankx
hightest sixes in _numeral_
Big cinema sangam
search for the movie in moviesrulz
keep me updated till rohit on bat
can you just tell me which airport i have to go to?
Plz call me again
helo
but why
i want cab from railway station sainagar  to saiashrma bakthinivas at 12:30 pm today
are u automated?
Frequency of Reminders:  1 hour
i want to book hotel in kolkata
WiFi installation
hai...saumya...
Best chicken tikka in viman nagar
is their any less costly flights ?
cambodia
sorry order cancel
great..... god bless u
mumbai to amritsar
is there any offer for logan?
Not now. Give me the details of the hotel
is dis the point table after winning of delhi
i booked my ticket from haptik ,is tgere chance for auto upgradation
only in air india or jetairways
i'll go with uber go
wt happened in the match between srh and dd _date_
okk nice
first 3 uber ride - book through haptik???
i want to know about the fare of flights from amritsar to bangalore on the date 28_12_2016
Can u arrange cheap rates room for me
hai
please book my ticket as per our talk in the morning
so, sorry by net banking it was, the message "you have not perform any haptic infotech pvt.ltd. transaction", my another option is debit/credit card, yes it is atm card, whether is it debit or credit, not mentioned so can i put this card no.? question no.2 what are mm/yy cw for next field?
i got it
i found the other one
Near by bank
Postpaid
on out and six also
Can u say the upcoming movies in tamil
Planning to go to Goa on 2,3 October 2016. Want to know about weather status on scheduled date, and cheap flight tickets
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 717698, user_id: 1984605, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
please show me cabs from other providers.{api_name:ola}
_date_ match is between whom
i asked you about the cost no need of this stuff
virat kohli s total runs
I need delhi to Moscow round trip cheap tickets
no, i need you to do a wake up call for me at 3:30 on this phone no 078752 19197
presently no more...
Pizza hut pizza menu
ok to it fast
i need tickets of ipl kanpur match
today stop the wake up reminder
distance from ahmedabad railway station to jodhpur
morning 10
9958073759
Whirlpool washing machine toll free no?
can u find me a doctor
i had already booked in paytm thanks
send me full score card
i want call to my friend at 11am o clock
which is the theatore is near by me
can u send me the location so i will contact them later
so remind me on 11 oclock
i have a doubt
yes pl give live updates thank you
any offers for bill pay?
i was looking to pay dth recharge
mumbai scoreboard
kuttram 23 (tamil movie
where is cdm of sbi??
Electrician right now
thanks for the information
remind me of authorization letter marriage certificate sbi pass buk itr from today till sunday evening at 4.30pm
yes th
my team is on top it s great
who scored highest
next matches schedule
pliz br fast
who won the match between west indies and india
My scooty broke down
Check 56320 train and temme all details
zhengzhou office for china eastern
Sir I have set an alarm in the morning 7:30 but I get call in evening 7:30. So I request you to change it from evening to morning
when is the next match for delhi daredevils
in delhi
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 07:30 am { reminder_list: 724652, user_id: 1986013, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Do you have any coupon code for barbeque nation
ok..thanks.
for me
Lowest fare of cab
Check tmrs train sdehuls fr mysore to Banglr
in telugu
you are the best
booking
ok its ok
stop water reminder
"		i want to know availability and fare in ac 3 tier (3a) in train number 12779{product_id:12779_gwl_nzm,api_name:trains_api}"
match score for _date_ match
Indian bank atm near Kattupakkam
thinking to cancel the trip coz of high fares!😋
khushboo vaa
is app me or benefit kya hai plz tell me
update about the match every _numeral_ mnts
but i had already asked for _numeral_ mins schedule score
Whats the bus fare to kotdwar from delhi?
live acore
how will won the match between gl vs mi
romantic movies near me....
i'll tell u later
mujhe us bakery ka batao jo 24 hours open rahati hai
please remind me at 6 pm for meeting of our colony's welfare association.
but why this feedback
if required i will tell you
i can change in my reminder....?
Axis  bank
tamil movies
aq1wett55ttyy6uuttfttffrrtt4ttrtttttgttttrtgre4id2gaf hm @! $!-#r4@--/6-
Yup Delhi to Bgaya on 28 October flight
i ha've not screen shot
changes that mi made _date_
hi, my credit card is charged twice for the payment of 552 for bill payment.
Bollywood
Flight
any offers for train bookings
do i have some offer on flight tickets
i dont want reminder
m hungry. please help me i wanna order smthng
ohh updates stopped
my recharge still shows processing! can you please confirm is it done or pending yet?
what about paytm no offer in that too?
Air tickets
i recommended your app to all my aquintaince2
nanded'tomumbai
but we lost
for the reminder. there is no alarm sound?
railway station??
when it get start please share the score
Find me location PVR moll
sakhi
12727
i didn't set this one for today
👍
can you help with bus booking
commando 3
no reminders from tomorrow
pls use ola
Yes dominos
i asked for a electrician for induction ovem
i will miss that
stop this reminder
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sat, 04 march at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 706842-706843-706844-706845-706846-706847-706848-706849, user_id: 1919503, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
remind me to check ocaset
hii anjali
Deals on ice creams
it's too distance..make me my nearest area...
status of bses bill payment ca no 101745676
nearby, do we have any railway reservation counter apart from station
i want to go to my friends house
1123250072
sorry it was by mistake
ok but not now
are there any medical shops open now near tarnaka
no. you have to remind me every one hour between 9.30am to 10pm every day
why
Near by gangyal
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 687689, user_id: 1978488, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Is there no express train
hi?
"please show me one way flights from mumbai to bhubaneswar 		onward date - 15 march"
match is starting
any flat for rent near janakpuri delhi
can you find a hair saloon near by
do u know about kashta
cancel bhopal to nimach
can i hav playing eleven for todays match
Is any swimming pool near sangrue
Book my ticket Solapur
i have a question..
i want to pickup the order
tirupati
i want to watch pink movie
i have to go chak daud nagar naini
canu reminds to drive water?
where atm of obc bank
thanku...😊
ok, now don't disturb me... i have a lot of portion to complete on just 5 days
Can i set 3 or 4 reminder in on day
can you tell me any restaurants open near me
yesterday i book ticket from ahmedabad to chennai
i need to know the price first
menu please
that
Suggest me travel packages for Alaska
dear frnd .. already i have this confirmation mail... pls send me ticket copy
Reminder set kardo
ohh so many seats available
yes he visited.
nooooo
better cancel the ticket
is dis done
How far Maddur from Banglore
Dude, I am looking for a bike trip around 200km from Bangalore,
i want betting on this ipl
check hotels nearby pune railway station
23rd to 29th
becoz paytm and freecharhe5
i got the cab
Kpn bus top
remind to irshad sir for spacewood meeting
gudnt
best briyani in shivajinagar
muja kal flight tiket katne hai...
maharashtra
can you expand the first review in the screenshot and send
how will be mi take place in the playoffs
k tnk u
between which teams
check with other laundry service provider. they r charging rs 10 per shirt/trouser. i am sure as i got the same service there
please get me location of pawai
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 05:00 am { reminder_list: 710512, user_id: 1982911, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
any other offer for bill payment
no thanks good night
gas station on my way, i'm on the way to surat
thanku
sir kya alag alag dete ka alag time hota h kya
is kashmir a safe place now for tourists to go ?
actually i wanna reminder for my medicine
new booking
email peh abhi tak ia nahi.
I went there and table was not confirmed
Pls book tickets for malayalam movie oru muthassi, gadha..
how do i get from bhayander station to shree l r tiwari college of engineering?
what is timing of mughal garden visit in dekgi
Suggest me some tourist places
kamadev me
Hi can I get onam sadhya as home delivery.do u know any restaurants providing onam special food
yes kindly update me for all the matches
9100044006
dnd wala dabba bhejo thoda
t _numeral_ world cup okay
can u help me with a hindware showroom near sec 29 gurgaon?
r u human?
Vodafone store Bill payment
no i don't want , clicked by mistake
4 hr k liye aa jao
I want a train today from delhi to jammu.
so what to do now
i don't remember
who won between punjab and hyderabad
Wats the lunch or dinner price in lalit hotel in marol naka at andheri
wallet balance
you watched the movie?
see from jaipur to bombay
Is any flight available today?
set a daily alarm as a call for me
can you show me my full schedule for tomorrow once again
i wnna know about playing _numeral_ in teams
set wake up call for 6:05 am
insurance agency for. 4 wheel
Can i get the seat availability of netravati exp on 14 - 09-2016
pnr. fieenr
hi mahesh. get rs.75 cashback on your first 3 uber or ola cab rides on haptik! message me now to book your ride :)
Mobile recharge
dehradun to lakhnow train mai check kr ke bta do
how to look freash in office.. i am tired
app kya krte ho
Best surprise place in goa
hdfc credit card customer care contact no.pune
whats your name?
prank call
is there round trip option for this train
what if dry servicing is needed
dep 3 rd sunday of july
wat is tha score
finnally v won
cab is available in my location?
is there any street shopping places nearby
just s outline
who will win the finals _date_
any movies on the tv
can you place another wake up alarm at 8:15?
from where you are
conjuring
aaj haptik me koi offer he
sure sandeep
rcb srh
Can u get me a aircel store near by me
yeh confirmation nai hai
runs scored by each player
i don't know what's so confidential i that
can you update me on who wins
i wanted to order alcohol not food
any cheap flight on 10 march from mumbai to lucknow
what do you think about todays match
Ohk. That i will do later.... i want to check how you will give me the reminder call...
will decide
can you find me a nursery around here?
is this final price
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for sun, 05 march at 06:25 pm { reminder_list: 723357, user_id: 1985913, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
hi i wanto order from fresh menu
do i need to pay extra charges for the service
cant u understand english fucker?
but i don't
hi could u help me to get train time
govindashram
2hr
guess who will win sl yes eng
did sunrises has won _date_
saloon
Turn off my reminder please
and checkout @5pm
Konark express
can you say something about ola or uber
College time 9am
kon se team ka
offers on recharge
What is nearest hotel
sry wait
thanks but not now
ok thanks for you help me have a good day
Give me the order status of mah both orders
oo thnx bro
"		hi, i want to book ubermoto {product_id:94066e58-447a-4e89-adc8-9052658ec181, api_name:uber, product_name:ubermoto, seat_count:none}"
bank of maharashtra
What is meant by suvidha train
okay then please tell me the possible playing _numeral_ of todays game
Plz wake up me
I want D2h recharge?
Can you plzz tell me the movies of andheri west cinepolis for friday
discounts on movies
Can see one ticket for me first flight from delhi to Mumbai I need business class  any first flight from delhi
bhai cammando 2 ki timing
What all trains are available from raipur to raigarh for 21/09/2016
if the match in delhi
gujarat lions has lost only one match till now
good movie
dear can you arrange me a reminder for my food
Hi deepika... I am hungry..... Want to have something spicy in continental
winner movie
stop these reminders
full talk time
train from delhi to allahabad
I had bukd ticket for 20th
show me a full score card
yes thank you .
matches of gujarat
Is there any axis Bank ATM ?
For Chikmagalur trains are der
Sure kindly provide me best fare btw 12th oct-16 oct mumbai-lucknow
whom match is held _date_
i was with rcb
yes pl
Flight for delhi
Nearby book stall
how will i get this cashback
Qota is sleeper. If possible tell me the waiting list for that
how much is the charge for laptop repair
seeking bedroom kitchen home for rent
who's there
btw, is anyone online besides mohit?
can u help me on what name have u reserved d table for two at le pain quotidien
oly this is available ha
will i get
I want to order from Jennifer Food Court.{product_id:18275486,product_name:Jennifer Food Court,api_id:,api_name:zomato} {carousel_cta}
yes i cane help u
sargi movie tyming in ludhiana
mam ..bs y bta do ...apki duty kitne s kitne bje tk.hai ... itni hard job to army walon ki b nhi hoti ..means meri b nhu
did we lose
chicken meatball sphaghetti
no..good night dear
hey...i want to know, is there any craft store in vasai west?
where can i use the cashback from the haptik wallet ?
Delete my all reminders
old users
canteen
i have ordered two plates of biriyani...will they be served in seperate packs or same pack.
Jho athchuthanad movie timing
hello i haven't got respond from your backend about the cashback offrt
kisne toss jita hai abhi
call is imp
Ms dhoni ticket booking
first from bangalore to mumbai on the 7.4 landing at 16
Is there any train available on 24 sep. From bareilly to lko.?
tomorrow i want to wakeup on 8am
like haptic there is any application regarding nre query
Pnr status 6555064305
thanks alot for the reminders saumya.. love..
hw daily names changing?
bank
wholesale cloth shop
any restaurant that is open right now and delivers in my area ?
Book train tiket
It ll charge by seat selection na...I saw in indigo only per seat 600rs extra for seat selection...
already i have booked for 160rs but ur saying 172 rs what's the reason
any particular reason so as th why rcbs matches being highlighted as red
Can i carry electical iron on international flight (airways)
good morning
can you call me please
How can I set reminder  for medicine
i want to go janakpuri
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 727737, user_id: 1658983, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Can you send contact of OLA cab
can u help me in finding out running telugu movie in matunga arora theatre
ya tell me
"and  2nd  reminder   on  1 am  	date  3 march"
all live score updates
find me a kennel
Is there any kfc nearby?
what is the price
give it a try
how many runs did david warner score in this ipl
sahi h bhyi
from where should i take bus to alandi phata??
Please set a reminder stating to cut my nails for tomorrow morning at 7 am
i want contact number of any computer shop at bathinda. can you help me about this
rustom ice cream parlour
srh wonn the toss and choose to bat
kittu unadu jagratha
today kafiyath express arrival timing faizabad
thnkuh dear
stop reminder for water
nearest petrol pump
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for tue, 07 march at 08:16 am { reminder_list: 668965, user_id: 1580456, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i've cleared it
please  details of  train  no 12630
it is not happening
One day trip from kolkata by car?
ghatkopar west mumbai bhathvadi
i want ticket for rcb vs kkr on _date_ of may of eden garden kolkata
please provide full score board
can u remind me using water bottle
which team gon na fight _date_
wats the current score
ok. do i need to keep my internet on all the time for getting reminders ??
_date_ kiska match h deepti
Book it at the buffet table
i am asking for subtitle of that movie
16588 train ka pura sudule btao
wake me up
Bubneswr rajdhani
samsung tv repair
listen
hw are you
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 06:30 am { reminder_list: 635988, user_id: 1923570, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
any othr optn?
hi.. do you book a self drive car rental
Nearby
on how many minutes next match is going to start
need a flight ticket vishakapattam to bangalore today 5th evening after 5 pm single male
list of telugu movies playing in visakhapatnam
i live in sonipat(haryana)
in tulusi thsther which movi in bangalore at marathalli
9092393280 tata docomo
can u help me check in
both team win _date_ match
remind me of my tasks
pls check agin
at 8:30 can yo give me a call
Kannada movie
rps vs kkr
see budgest
find a near by atm enroute trichy
can you check the paymnt
gud nt
Panjim Nearest beach ?
hey tell me the shows of movies in Deen Dayal Gwalior
if ticket is not conformed then
can u give somewhere near my location
as this was my first transactions with u
81568 93105
do you that service
sorry i didn't want know any cabs
hey i need a cab
is there any offer on movie bookings?
any other medical store
no incorrectly
i need a share cab
i want few details of hard rock hotel goa
how to count points
pnr status 81568 93105
New Delhi to hydrabad train details chahiye
Bajaj service centre
Any offers in recharge??
Canddle night dinner
"sameep i have cancelled my tickets on 21st feb. but still i didn't received my payments. 	please confirm the status."
Could you please assist me for booking the bus ticket
yes i want to book the train
later
what is the playing _numeral_ _date_
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for fri, 03 march at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 690021-690022-690023-690024-690025-690026-690027-690028-690029-690030-690031, user_id: 1271364, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
is there any with city rewards credit card
gud day
book ticket of mandor express on sunday from jodhpur to delhi
please cancel all my reminders and disable the option of calling on my phone
yes pleass
Pay cc bill tomorrow at 11 am
Reminde me to take the money from mummy at 2:15
what time is the match starting _date_
you were expected to update me with score after every _numeral_ minute
can you let me know the seat availability for vijayawada secunderabad express for today
please check my pnr status
hey can you give some photos of hit wicket of david warner
here is any add money offer available
blue film
on citi bank debit and credit both
Give the adess of mg road service center and kothrud service center
uta
Is there any train which goes to vaniyambadi from chennai
Please cancel my carpenter appointment
Now have any train from sabramati -ahmedabad to palanpur???
i took some rides earlier last month..so
what will be mumbai indians fate in _numeral_
can u go with me
tell me over and standing players
haptik give me a coupon for recharge
want an information
Can you help me please I want a SUV cab for travel from Sector 16 Faridabad to Diplomatic Enclave , Chanakyapuri , Delhi
Hello i want to know that from which airport indigo flight 6E 621 departure is delhi
Is the order confirmed?
Check for duranto
please help to order chiken spicy masala
can i apply now?
Nearest sbi bank from my location
a to-do please
tell me about mohali last match score
ernakulam
From which station Karnataka express 12627 starts ?
thursday 12 pm
I didn't like it,  because i have to open the app just to check the reminders otherwise i would not be able to get any reminder from you guys..
why this cash don't come back in my debit card
i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 22831{product_id:22831_hwh_dvd,api_name:trains_api}
i want to know about service: samsonite
sed me availability of seats
is work only in silent mode..?
do you know hindi
sry it's not help full
is my table booked
can you send me _numeral_ pics of david warner catching the ball
wrapping my cat
definitely
so if i book through your way will i get ₹75
_date_ match status
and what s the match schedule for _date_
thank you over to over n wicket to wicket please
Round trip to Visakhapatnam from Mumbai on 12th oct - 15th
Can you elaborate the ticket details so that I can get the tickets booked
reminds me
hi is it possible to set the payment mode as card
hey wasim can you please tell me the price of ipl tickets for mohali
Digital express shop nearby to my location
8544045645
right???
wtf
i am looking for a plumber
Power banks
is this machine or human
Tell me the best honeymoon package for fucait and pataya on 2nd February
cau call on 9:01pm on drink today
hey i cancelled this flight
i wnt ask
can you share the points table with me
today ticket is not cancelled yet?
let it be thanks
i have told you female.. not male
I want repair my hp printer.. Find me nearest authorized service center?
i like to visit pokhara nepal
little lite restaurant address
I need plumber service
Punet can u book the flight
holiday places in april
2 adult and 1 infant
no list
dkhta hu sir
only showing reminder not require call
agent
hello mr
no i will like to view logan
yes surr
Please change this alert to 10.30 am
till wat time during nite. ,you can deliver food to home
not 2 nd
i had my medicine
Hello..I want to go for 5 day or 7 day trip in this diwali vacation plz suggest me best place to visit in that time in India?
Schedule for every year
within 0.5 kms
yes please 😊
i just crossed  surat
i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 12449{product_id:12449_kota_nzm,api_name:trains_api}
we are 3
not from mathura yrr
Please book return ticket of Goa to Delhi
how are you
hero
lucknow to chennai dates 23.4.17  or 24.4.17
won win _date_ s match
generally
Not able to recharge
ticket booked with haptik
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 723865, user_id: 1956002, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
But I need ICICI atm
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 685815, user_id: 1500346, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
Hey what is the timings of train to go from Surendranagar to ahmedabad, today?
chirala
adajan cafes ?
How to travel from Banashankari 2nd stage monotype bus stand to hebbal
Home theater speakers
i paid 600 by card and used 50 crefits
thank you so much bharat
can i know what movies are on in Laurel mall in  chengalpattu, kancheepuram
ok 6a.m
somnath jana hai
can tell me amount
keseho
i m sorry i will inform later
Can you please give me the contact of some traveller guy
what is the position of hyd in points table
Near parkcircus
What is one day stay rate of ginger hotel in thane?
keep updating me with score
Any wine shop near my location
bharat
train tickets booking required from gtl to knw
but my favourite team is rcb any chance
how is fast food
in dominos??
gujrat batting start now
image not clear
summary of delhi scorecard
the mumbai boy made a good start
wt happ rcb match
hey good afternoon what about todays match
did kkr won match _date_
I want the menu of Papa John's
every day 4.45pm member me my meeting
panaji goa
and prices also
I want book a cab
please show my today's list
ah got it
cancel all reminder
there ?
Can you send me flight calender price.
Tamil movie
hey can u set up a reminder for putting m eye cream
wich team you are supporting shraddha
6am satart
is there any offer for mobile recharge
go
i have to go to the clinic for 5 min then i have to return to above place.
flight on 10th del to lko
no komal, thank you so much, have a good day
wat wz result of _date_ s match
yr name
"no ,	i would not like to proceed 	as i am getting better price on other sites"
Write a complaint on cognizance company
i want to go jaipur to jabalpur
no india vs pakistan men s match which is going to be held in kolkata
hi  can u tell me train between mumbai borivali to surat , for today . anytime will be fine .
Ok so any seats available?
i'll get back to u
sunrisers should win this
18th march
abe jala mt mera
agla match kiska hai india se
"i want cheapest rate at bangkok hotel on march 15th 	for two day....2 adult"
2hours
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 715871, user_id: 1982688, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i would like to cancel my wake up call for wed, 01 march at 05:35 am { reminder_list: 665004, user_id: 1140979, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
atm cash deposit machine
ι ωαит тσ киσω тнαт ωнєяє αяє fυℓℓ єριѕσ∂єѕ σf ∂яαgσи вαℓℓ ѕυρєя αναιℓαвℓє
atit ap kb aaye??
pick up from red hills gowtham model
_date_ mumbai indian match timing please
Is kabali yet available in luxe-cinemas-chennai
Which is the shortest way to reach Dadri(UP) gr.noida starting from Nirman vihar ( Delhi)
sakshi this is the transaction id of the bill payment not the cashback
which player is batting
bars near tarnaka
this fare is return fare or what
Hi can you book tickets for 2 in Kalindi express 14724 for SL FOR TODAY
thank you! dear
12:30 pm reminder is for lunch...thank you
Gauriganj to Raibarely ,train information
i need to remind it daily
any ongoing offers?
thanks riddhi
what is the united airlines baggage allowance
sending the adhaar card
tell me for _date_ s match
i m not getting location on google map
Which movies are playing in Bangalore
I Wil pay at hotel
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 432736, user_id: 1864605, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
ramakirisna .me kon sa mubi laga hai
how to get ipl tickets for matches in bangalore
which movies are releasing tomorrow?
whr is tatoo artist
applicable on share rides
from bangalore to patna in auguest 10 2017
when in world cup t _numeral_ only _numeral_ cricketer from history thank you the people from kashmir who support pak
around cp
you guys are giving a best service ever..how i thank you for this.. thanks shruti for help... i mostly seen you on reminder..thanks..dear..
if you send these _numeral_ - _numeral_ times
9 sept
ok sir
no i got it now
makeover artist
for torrent power
i don't want to cancel now. if ticket is not confirmed then i may cancel. but just want to know what are the charges
on sunday
i would like to order from gustoes beer house
no it's ok thanks
Remind me after 5 min to go to bed
how many days i have to use that cashback amount??
Asus service centre  in bhagalpur
12/30/1899
general physicians available there
too expensive
I would like to watch days of tafree on sunday(tomorrow) in morning at valantine.or cityplus .
in _date_ match
raipur , chhattisgarh
Any new movies?m
can you please tell me best places to visit in nanital with photographs
help me with web checkin
Hubli to Goa train on Friday??
Want to pay idea postpaid bill
Call at 3
ezhupunna rekha theatre
thg u for ur reminder
my 3rd ride is not above 100
can we talk via phn
call karan.
please provide cab confirmation
no but thank you
what is the progress of my refund
May i know is there any train from bangalore to Trivandrum today..?
i want to go manali
How much distance from thane railway station to ghantali devi Mandir
i ahve a ticket today this is wt
return ticket please
next match kab he
Idea 4g prepaid
7 or 8th Oct
who won the toss nand are there any change in a squad
355 basic fare  11.50
nepal airlines flies out only two days a week,i want to know the days
Can you please tell is there any train today evening to reach tumkur
checj out the seat availability on cinepolis
hows you vipul
is there any hotel near by my place which gives home delivery ,,?
Hey what are the ticket rates for Mumbai to Hyderabad on 3rd October
your system is full of bugs
i need to talk to cc
sorry i mean
is there any offer going on for dish tv.
i haven't received my refund yet
how can i buy t _numeral_ final ticket
call dana 10.40
updates about pune match
i want cataract operation by nearby doctor
I want to go yashwantpur YPR railway station
I want flight
Please tell me flight rate from Hyderabad to Ahmedabad.. on 27th October 2016 for 1 adult..!!
don't want cash
hi can u make the booking for thalassa then
south indian restaurant
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 08:04 pm { reminder_list: 672791, user_id: 1969617, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
any offer for it
6E -315 indigo flight from Trivandrum in which terminal
gunnyt.
reminder:1th of every month
u won't sleep at night
what s the result of _date_ match
wen zz dhonis next match akash
Offers on food in chandigarh n mohali
pune to mumbai
which team won _date_ s match
Want OLA coupon code
please get it done as soon as possible cos i have urgent call
samsung sarvis centar
i mean who got eliminated _date_
what do you think whose gon na win rcb or delhi
send me the latest updates
cancel all of these
cool thank you
for 2 ac what was the fare
that's 2 right?
you too
no trains from there
no i want to take a road trip
oops there's a mistake there
had you are tea
only card payment
helo i asked query
can you please check the terminal of my flight
hye varsha
Is there any gud cake shop where I can order a cake by sep 29 near Anna Nagar Chennai
i am planning to travel from pune to hyderabad on march 20 get me cheapest flights
Last time you informed me that Air India allowed rail fares only on Rajdhani routes.Whereas I want to travel from Chennai to Mumbai. Please inform me the total fare
Stop all the remainder
phone to pahuja for duplicate registry
i like to know availability
i need a cheap price restaurant
near coffe day
i want to book a cab for my friend
any information  about sonalli cinema hall.dunlop kolkata
delhi coch name
i need the reciept thanks for help
i want to set up act fibernet at my home
Can you chek flights on 7th oct
where can i apply fly1000?
_date_ s scores
get me todays match predictions
leave it.
total match schedules
okay can i get the leading run scorer and wicket taker list
but discount
Candle light dinner option in Banglore
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 08:00 am { reminder_list: 714614, user_id: 1980702, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Can u plz tell me Nearest ATM of sbi
can you send me some photos of ipl winning team
when are d finals
can i set it for a monthly basis
I want to visit North India on a vacation
i want to book ipl ticket
can i get an order for cakes
please show me trains from bct to pune for ac first class (1a) on 11-03-2017.
dharmpeth... batukbhai jewellers... charushri apartment ... top
Cancel the last reminder
Best rate cutter plans for docomo
can u book tirupati mandir darshan booking 4 tomorrow
which is best player
hi when i'm using cash back offer the payment never completed
Can you do web check in for me
Where is OMR mall
Is there a direct flight from chandigarh to new york
hi monica
Coach no &birth no
travel
i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 02:30 pm { reminder_list: 557919, user_id: 1423883, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
i have lots of hair beside my penis area
pnr 4541338361
one more reminder plz
delhi deardevils vs kings eleven punjab
Hey can you send me the link map of big Cinemax sangam andheri east
any discount /offers
oh i want cbi atm
can you arrange for tickets
rcb srh toss
I would like to know the package of bhubaneswar to goa trip wth flight nd wth 4 days stay tell me the price
can i book tatkal tickets
👍🏻😊
gratitude india malviya nagar location tel me
sorry not bday
this will be my first ride am i right
Traveling tickets from Yamunanagar (Haryana) to Beas(Punjab) by train
hi can you please check fr ipl matches in blr n tickets prices fr _numeral_
i did not get the referral cashback
popkon ka time
Can u do somethng to remind me of studying???
can you resend me the schedule its cum blank
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 685765, user_id: 1201106, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
tomorrow's shows in shoba city mall thrissur
wake me up at 8:20 am from monday to friday please
Please remove all reminders
sangam express 14164  train  where is this time??
remind me at 9 am
hey can you find me the near by gift shop ?
give me a rate of these flight of 2person
I didn't get any reminders
oh no
2ac
o teri
tod
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 09:00 pm { reminder_list: 713781, user_id: 1965063, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
u dint slp til now
thanks anki
hi, i'm interested in watching rings (a). {movie_name:rings (a)}{task}
would ljke to visit lakshadweep
for me yaar
Water
Hey I have to go to North Korea. Is there any flight from india?
how to cancel booked train tickets
can find for me for true love application
I want nearby HDFC Bank branch
or live answers
thanks good night
looking for some hot spicy food
sir batala library
what are the offers going on?
do you know the date of qualifier _numeral_ match and between whom
ok. thx
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 01:35 pm { reminder_list: 691568, user_id: 1962062, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
which match is _date_
specialy domino's
i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 05:30 am { reminder_list: 608200, user_id: 1895389, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
remind me at 5 for call back
what the live score of kkr and punjab match
hfyh
result pak vs india
need inspection only
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 05:15 am { reminder_list: 644525, user_id: 1966259, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Call priya
can you tell me the individual score please
please find my axis bank atm
tickets for logan
jolly llb 2 review
can you please help me find a flight from bangalore to patna on 11 march?
siddharth you suggested atm is so far from my location
fruits shop in kk nagar
thank you so much....
Any offers on flights
dhoni vs rania who won
i want to cancel my remainder
what are the score updates
can you send me location
morning 7.35 am
don't call me..
i wanted to know
muje icic career development vadodara ki infermesn chahiye mil sakti hey
alright so my friends and i are planning to go and watch _date_ s match on the big screen i need you to find me some restaurants where they stream the match on the big screen preferred location is cp and gk but we re flexible
trying to lose weight
can you update me on the ind bang score
chandigarh to pune cheapest flight coming thursday.. time doesnt matter just the cheapest direct
u dre ?
how long should i wait
Remind me to finish math tomorrow
boarding poins
i want paytm customer care number to talk
kkr win
you shd have checked bookmyshow
looking for a 5 star property in bangalore to host a corporate event
thank you for the scores sayali
rcb vs dd raipur
oru mexican aparatha
first cancel my daily reminder
sorry not  interested as show me little cheaper
Road route in details from dibrugarh to bhagalpur
i mean they are at no _numeral_ position
a helicopter/ charter service has been started in rohini, new delhi
bhatta para to delhi
i got
no more reminders
Nagpur to Delhi and Delhi to Nagpur
Remind me to pick bundle
biriyani
can you give me scorecard of this innings
save 100 looks good
which team you r supportng _date_
both chemists were closed
dr nagendra sharma
soory me try kr rha tha ki kese book hoti h
from jaipur to bankong tickt
Like to know abt a Malaysia package for 3 nights and 4 days for 3 ppl
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 691121, user_id: 1979141, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
sorry i don't want to cancel the reminder ,,
_date_ second match result
text message me the scores
from cst station
set reminder 5 diva for tkt on 8 mar 2017 @10am
Hey, i wanna order something
u can book on tatkal
hello. can you tell me where is there a lenovo mobile service centre nearby?
I got a recharge done
you there??
india standings in t _numeral_ world cup
axis bank atm is not working right now
hii please set wake up call at 5:30 am
Show timings for pink at pvr sion or Shivaji park
tentative fare
cream center restaurant deal is any...
Ottappaalam Coimbatore trains
Tell me the movie timings of pink
Tomorrow onward done wake me up
srinagar is not in the list
for jio man?
how do i have to make payment for this...from ur app..?
Reminder to call date 13 /9 time 6.30 pm call to chawla
Restaurant
Tell me address of lenovo mobile service center near to my location.
does it seems the game has got away from mumbai indians
can you check non veg buffet cost at 6:30
which car virat kohli won _date_ in ipl
ok thanx once again
😣
all the actress and actors
Hi there is a restaurant in Kamla mills
hi sakshi
ha aagaya
samsung sevice centre near by me
thanks buddy..can u also send me the railway availability from mumbai to hyd
are they playing in ongoing match
yup thank you 😊
give me the live score then the match startes
cash available hai ya nahi
3/6/2017
12837 26:3:18
2 tkts
hi can u tell me route
how was your day???
switch off my reminders
can you please find estate agent nearby
Hi I need to book a ticket
yes
Need tickets for Tom if Amritsar  is avilabe  from Mumbai  to Amritsar  .
i want kvb atm in mattuthavani
yes...please help me with train route
near jntu
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 19224{product_id:19224_pnu_adi,api_name:trains_api}"
hi can u send me the gym near my location offering aerobics and zumba
awasom trailer..can you get the show times..
Cancel all the reminders
Beach
Please find me bus from chitradurga to Bellary in Karnataka india
thanx buddy
dis rcb won
at wht time do sashadhri express reach kuppam station
ok i have done it thank you
no leave
Just cancel the wake up call
Then what about row k l and m 19 no seat ?
May i know plzz how to use my jio 4g in 3g cell phone
i am looking for car was
Chennai express
I want State bank of india ATM
it's not 7:15pm it's 7:15 am
hi  can u tell me train between surat to mumbai borivali , for today . anytime will be fine .
I need buses
apspdcl
cancel heqlth tip
Icici bank at sahara darwaja in surat
so i want latest point table
hi pooja
Angara 5 nampally menu
no reminder s
no i dont want it
team table
sir you know where ever print on plastic bottles
i would like to cancel my wake up call for wed, 01 march at 05:55 am { reminder_list: 665017, user_id: 1140979, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
no offers?
yes i want to recharge but need promo code
"please show me one way flights from mumbai to siliguri 		onward date - 25 march"
hiiiiii
every after 1 hour and evey day in morning 9 am to 10 pm
who is the highest scorer in this ipl
some message like 05 do not honor is coming
ok may i know the prices of hotel a in northgoa
hii do u have any dth coupan
grt match is goin on
can u get me flight for delhi to leh
tell me the schedule as well
ok i checked
i want update table
find mee train from jaipur to chittor of morning
i had asked for wakeup alarm at 7.15 every morning some time ago and i receive alarm everyday...pls cancel that
can i change my flight ?
ipl ticket booking nwhen ticket booking will start for match happening in raipur on _date_ may _numeral_
When shivay released
thank you  and  if possible please send the this regular updates
is there any cashback offer for me?
no not now da
please note
ek minute dijiye sir pahele check karta hoo ke yahan kya kya hai
"sorry...i have reached	no need"
Hi I'd like to book flight tickets to Dubai and back for 26 Nov to 03 Dec 16
thank you for giving me updates of cricket so please contine these updates
delhi to aligarh
Nearest myles car pick up point
near idea show
institution of engineering and technology north extension m.i.a near hotel
Please check any traveling facility from Guna to Vadodara
please tell me d present run score of final
Can u book hotel for staying at Ahmedabad
Set a reminder for friday night arnd 9 as meeting for abroad studies in taj
i want to make a diet schedule
do you guys book international flights??
Any deals with continental and North Indian food at CP
i will get back in sometime
i need to order some sweets
Sir please give me current status of train 12532
at about 2 p.m
when do you think this match will get over
can u find the nearest atm please?
i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 10:30 am { reminder_list: 384617, user_id: 1651614, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
Repet alarm
2546
hotels please
please provide me best routin
i would like to postpone plumber services for tomorrow
via call ?
do you have any offer for recharge
gaya hawrah kha hai
Today's train availability from changanacherry to ernakulam junction or town
when wil venad expres
kindly update the pnr status
when was sunrisers match
keep updating that s enough bro
Train no. 64454 kaha tk pahuchi ???
tell me some more details about this match
please book carpenter then ,.person u booked in plumber
bilaspur university
india is not in these pools
sir kya aap bta skte hain ki wheel chair khan milegi
only 3 star
i want a few details about you
655 recharge?
i need mumbai team squad
Pls stop all the reminders
i am out of bangalore sorry for disturb
Send ifsc code for city union bank valasarawakkam branch
3/5/2017
thanks ankitaa
mujhe to aa gaya
i want to go leah laddak manali
actually i wanna speak to vidushi
i had rated you wid _numeral_ stars
best roamtic dinner in delhi
not now i will do it later
send me recieft number
hit movie in tamil 2017
hinjwadi pune
on march 26
67/1b bt road paikpara kolkata 700002
Is my nearby SBI bank open today ?
I need to cancel my tickets booked by you
please provide the score
need local biryani maker kgn
reservation
@ what time @ thane
sorry think not thonk
just time pass
food
pls make me understand
hi, i'm interested in watching dangal. {movie_name:dangal}{task}
can you predict who is the winner _date_
now
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 631350, user_id: 995964, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i wnt to see menu
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 12:23 pm { reminder_list: 700608, user_id: 1981135, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
what should i do now
i want to update my mob no
hii i need a cab estimate
i want to set a reminder
tusi kino jitawo
shimoga to goa
train timing rohtak to delhi
call me at 9 to have breakfast
hi nishant need to cancel the train ticket to durg on 9th march howrah mail.
no i said after 45mins now
will they will reply soon?
Can you please let me know what is the British airways economy class baggage allowance for flights from Mumbai to London
in which city
remind me that i have check my mails @ 10.30 am
popkon ka time
near to sg road
kukatpally is my location
can u search
movies near my loc
1pm monday interview selection
edhi work ayyidda chuddamani anukuntunna
to my mail
13k
keep me posted with the match scores
match over score
softtek bangalore it company
most wickets
any update ?
or get me to the recharging chat
thanks madam,also please mail me this ticket my mail i'd is amitefl.yadav5@gmail.com
tab aap mujhe winner ka name bata dena
i'll get back
i did not receive the cashback on the ride i took this morning
Can I get any seat which is not a middle seat?
score of england vs afghanistan
i need one hlo
Any reservation number
rs kotoo
hope so
do you accept international cards ?
wait a minute i will check with my friend and let you know
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 721174, user_id: 1985347, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
on which days are flights of nepal airlines from bangalore to kathmandu
hey what is the _date_ match score
two three times if not pick
which movies are released today
ayurvedic store
my pick up is usv ltd  govandi
the message
plumber?
has you mentioned in the table gas charging charge for a inverter ac is 3000 but the technecian is asking 3500 cam you enquire about it
no not now i will inform u soon
thank you☺
_date_ s match was worst
match scheduled
ya of course thx
Near by swimming pool
sunny leone
cash deposit machine
I am free from 14-18th. Looking for a destination. Which flight costs me below 2k. Can be anywhere from mumbai. Prefer somewhere cold/cooler. 2 adult. One kid
haptik is really the best app
can u plss tell me the entry fess of snow world in phinix mall
no thnqs drlng
there is no point in cancelling if there is no refund. can we change the date and place of journey
for paytm
Can u tell me the rate for 30 th dec to dubai by air india most probably after 11 00 am
actually i want book a ticket of volvo's or sleeper coach
9w 328
one way
four times
how are you good day pooja g
pooja yaha nearby l&t cement factory kaha hai
no i would need a list near vasant kunj and saket
Hi can you reserve a table for 6 at Farzi cafe tonight
hyd to mub
Turn off the wake up alarm
Where the movie 'aandavan katalai' tamil movie playing in Tirunelveli
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for everyday at 09:30 am { reminder_list: 630412, user_id: 1960212, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Yes. The food was delivered on time. Thank you.
call kyu ni kiya water drink k liye
i want to know todays repacement for gayle
Remind me to call Rafeek Ikka on 30 of this month
you got it wrong team of punjab
whats the update
please can you send me the ipl updates
thanks a lot!
I just installed pc game hitman absolution bit sound is not playing...how to fix
what is exact price that he will take
7/ 3/ 17
train no 71210
what about receipt
akshy i am used to it now.pls stop massagi6 furthet
use cash back offer
how much does it cost?
Book a ticket of raja Rani express from Bangalore to Mysore
petrol pumb
i want tkts from kolkata to puri
please check and refund the payment of 552 to my credit card.
is anyone there?
I want to book a room in uttan resort gorai..for 17th september
upper seat i want
I want to know ticket will be booked by e-ticket
shishadri?
tell me all information for this train
hi cachin
kasganj
can i avail ola offers from haptik?
the remote is of samsung
10 am bmc office front
thank u hasan
is not done
mahanagani express
kkk tnqqqq madam
i just want to remind me online sale of redmi note 4 @12pm on 8th march.
music and drawings home tutors
give me scores of dis match
can i pay through paytm
Asus services center
i couldn't understand
send me freecharge promocode for bill payment of dth rs 270
i don't know movie name i know only song
This seats r of ?
I need train timings tmrw 5am to 7.am
in sleeper
i'll do that later
seeing our last wins i m hoping some kind of miracle happens _date_ also
send book details mail on my gmail account   rameshshaha8584@gmail.com
who do you think is going to win _date_
i wanna order kfc
recharge offers any
again sent.  please check
bad condition for wi
is this some real person or ai?
Movie show rajkot
rangoon review??
No there's no point of booking waiting list tickets
Remind me to buy self button for NPPL from JV @11
Are there bus passes for buses in Mumbai?
Mera recharge ho jayega.??
list all telugu movies
wickets of player
can you please send me points table
call leela gajaria
I want to check fares from Jaipur to chennai
I want to go from Chennai central to kayamkulam
om naomi venkatesha move
I need boneless and skinless chicken breast
"		please show me more trains.{api_name:trains_api,times:6078}"
after cancellation only they are saying rs1477
Pls Check anatapuri express
thank u mhit
1st one
hatao yaar
sbi or bob
i ll need it _date_
ok. that ll do. bcoz most of d time i keep my data off
nearby micromax service centre
Nearest hookah bar
wed
Which 1 is cheese bust pizza ?
call me
it means 3700 rs.
saffron baroda near courier center
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 06:00 am { reminder_list: 693904, user_id: 1926493, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
kon se platform pr ayegi 19031
hi shilpa
"		i would like to cancel my `wish sayali happy birthday!` reminder for sat, 04 march at 07:55 am { reminder_list: 624916, user_id: 1861336, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
"pick up is coimbatore r	railway station."
Remind me to courier
hi baby
ya it is possible
what details
expire
marine lines
need reserv for singam 3
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for tue, 14 march at 01:10 pm { reminder_list: 639428, user_id: 1963663, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
discuss nahi kiya par hum janna hei
phone number
vodafone dhamaka! rs354=56gb 4g/3g data (1gb har din) unlimited local/std call, vaidhta 56 din! offer sirf 15-march se pehle recharge karne par! t&c
four wheeler
tickets
you didnt told me who won
so it can be solved only from bank side.
can u plz tell abt goa ticket price
hi dipti
keep me reminded about indian matches
Check holiday package for Darjeeling, Gangtok & Sikkim
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for mon, 06 march at 04:30 am { reminder_list: 725885, user_id: 1961439, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
can you see tatkal
do tickts available fr dd vs srh mtch
please help me
is ipl on rit nw
Can you tell me most convenient way to travel from agra to dharmshala
maximum sixes in which ipl
no i want to go till darbhanga
???????
i had booked a pick up and drop service
recommend all continental places in koramangala
remind me at 11 15 am today to call invitation cards
yr ..find out any train which hv a seat from ndls to gwalior on 5
we v to make payment to u or hotel.
How can i book a cab
send coupon
r u real?
no convenience fees ?
ride estimate was 192
cheap one
hello need plumber
trains from aluva to chennai
can u remind me of something
offer please?
but it is not reflecting in account
hi malvika
what the score is now
Which restaurant
nearest place for sonography
a to-do please
ohkk
Remind me to carry my red converse shoes today at 12 noon.
81569913294
torrento
Chek nazrultittha cinema
Is theatre open today
hey can u search for sleeper class availability?
Sbi bank branch near by me
did nt recieved any mail
pls check flight from gaya to delhi
i'd like to order from pizza hut and see available deals.
u have to cal on another number
Where is Roop chand Mohanlal restaurant
What are Airtel postpaid data offers
remind me about tomorrow call.
pls book with my lsst pick up and drop
"i have to call 	1 virender city	brv cutomer south indian for diesel test drive	mr. jalota for booking	and sarthak for city"
jio ka prime recharge bol raha hu
is there good options for dining?
hey can you please call on  919971241439 and ask to call to ishan
hii samiksha
Iss reminder ko band karo
logan movie
remind to send comparison bcm surat tomorrow 11 am
n repeat this after 2 days
Find some good hotel in shimla on mall road for 10th-12th oct 2016
ec
pls let me know the charges for it
return train ticket plz
who do you think would win the match
I want to watch danger zone
i want eye specialist
help me with some good self-defense classes for women
"please show me one way flights from chennai to kolkata 		onward date - 28 may"
medox care noida sector 8 , near hcl. can you locate on map
ohh you shared live score bro
i want to to remainders...
I want single room near pune swargate on rent
9.00 pm for study
why my recharge of airtel prepaid of rs 2500 has not been successful till now ?
whoz bating was last
will i get ipl details also
can ÿou tell me about different jio plans prepaid
today i am trying to recharge my dth but
i have eat chinese in hotel i want to pay him money i don't have cash
i was thinking about changing the date
can you send batting scorecard of rcb
please update match
i am sleeping
amla
oh thats mean rcb won toss
bro tomorrow i am going to bank
let me suggest for improve my english speaking
Nearest MC Donald's
link ola
find nearest home delivery restaurant
Hisar to siwani distance in km
train ticket offer any
what was this reminder about?
alright thanks
call me tommorrow at 8:00 am
Near to sbi bank
saj3as9at
location
virats team please
great.. thanks.
so gujarat won _date_
how much for each pair of clothes
tomorrow at 10 am
thanks dear
not required now!
can we carry desi ghee in flights ??
I want u to remove the the alarm remainder set at 5:45 its been quite irritating
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 12:00 am { reminder_list: 211969, user_id: 1702372, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Hey can you please find me today's cost for a deluxe room in Sterling holidays resorts?
if i get confirm tkts for d same den i ll proceed wid d booking
no no...i need to ask you first...else i have to file a single application before consumer forum only
wats the cricket score please
let me know the scores
i tried once
on 10th
hello can you remind me after every 2 hours?
wht the status of _date_ match
what the team _date_
you think india will win
tambaram chennai
when is bahubali 2 going to release?
is virat out
bt still i have no tickets
kabil movie
any cashback code for recharge??
valid
Nearest Bsnl office
for family trip roaming purpose in nagpur area any best location
Pune To Mumbai direct to linking road
I need the cheapest flights
andrea bank near
what is your role as a job assistant??
hey may i get any discount coupon on volor card
on 10 march
travels for latur
who do you think will win ipl
i am looking at buying tickets for ipl in delhi
I wan to deliver one pond cake
one is enough
kkr and all teams
on 10 th of march from patna to delhi
I want to know about the best internet plans in gwalior
can you send me last match score card
Can u find out if kfc is delivering ?
cancel my daily alarm...
can you tell me the nearest branch of bank of baroda nearest to adhartal jabalpur
kon win hua akash last match mei
my near cinema theatre
Hey, I'd like to order a pizza.
what if i off it
Vistara departs from mumbai from which airport
okay i want latest update of _date_ s match
all done
24 ko vaisno devi jane kay liye tiket book karwani thi
Indore to kurduvadi via pune
i get my reminders only wen i open thiz app
bt date is change punit
yuvraj batting details in _date_ match
kon jeeta kal
i want to cancel this,
any discount on train bookings
s..
but can u give some offers
Inform me the train between bhadravathi to Mysore
can u tell me the price of deep frizer glycol
bus stop
i lost
TT
Can u please do my webcheckin for today's flight...
can you please make reservations available for travel to home at holi
Sir can u book tickets for banjo for tomorrow at 9.30
i can see so many cabs
Hi can you please deactivate DND on my number 9845712613
i vil think n say
thanks for the info i will let u know
my recharge of 255 is completed ?
which channel will it be telecast in india
There is any sbi atm
i want to sat up reminder for daly
marathi all movie  release last week
Any Tamil movies
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 271607, user_id: 937002, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
"		i would like to cancel my call dr rakesh kumar ortho dr s.k aggrwal md / dr v.k jain sur/ dr sunita sharda/ dr p.c umiyal pd/ dr manju bansal ent/ sunil sethi ent/ reminder for mon, 06 march at 08:30 am { reminder_list: 690935, user_id: 1930715, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Deactivate this reminder
book ola cab to yeshwanthpur
apex academy pu block,pritampura near st.stephans school nd-110034
adhirajswarupagarwal2000@gmail.com
puna to balhandra
what abt fair
any offer for train ticket booking?
Hi want to book a train ticket from Delhi to jaipur for 23rd
ind vs new zealand match
Want to eat biryani near by my location
Ashoka theater chikkabanavara
Bangalore to kolkatta
help me find screening of india vs pakistan match in mumbai
thank you tell me a updates
u r also my reminder
yup thanks
fast
please find me some good points in delhi for fun
"		i want to know availability and fare in ac 3 tier (3a) in train number 12978{product_id:12978_jp_mao,api_name:trains_api}"
which team playing _date_
good morning
phagwara
cheapest  flight for delhi to guwahati dated 15.nov
nopes
i want you
can you elaborate it for me how the net run rate is calculated
search for bangalore
undo it
Menu of Persian darbar in bandra
Hey do u have marco pizza's menu?
any other courts?
15102 check availability for tomorrow
Indore to shyamgarh
kochi
2nd is quite better
veg pizza
i rely upon your sayings
today evening 09:00 pm
radiant which serves good sea food
19:06:2017 my ded birthday so call me reminder
score details please
dude want to tell you something
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 343013, user_id: 1865651, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
do you have deals in hotel
thank you please keep updating
raees
tell me ipl _numeral_ schedule
i have a electrical induction
full matches schedule of ipl _numeral_
help me book..
send vehicle to dv
which is your expertise
no thankss
can you check any other laundry services
is it mnc
hey i am new for this app. pls r really receiving my msgs
i m now in interview
air india
have a good evening
Set a reminder for 2 30
is it share ??
can change my tickets to 3a
point table of man s and women point table
its a hotel
it was cancelled or played by dls method
today 4.55 am
i want to know the timing of train
suggest me doctor strange type movie
U can cancel the wake call alert
8155973777
no thanks for your ask for the alarm
rising pune superjiants
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sat, 04 march at every 1 hour from 9:30 am to 6:30 pm. { reminder_list: 658338-658339-658340-658341-658342-658343, user_id: 1822150, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Is it possible to do web check in in international flight?
not me
any reachrge coupon code .!?
it's a post paid bill
can i have flight at 1 thousand rs ?
wish you the same
no tks
naresh i want reminder 5 min from now
Please tell me the restaurants which have unlimited dinner meals in ahmedabad
please let me know if my order is coming or not
Can u give me list of flights frm Goa to shimla on 2 January??
from belgaum to chennai
wake uo
ok, thank you sandeep
is d warner out
no.. thnx
Coimbatore express 11013 details
Remind me to renew my domain by next month first day
need to call vja at 4pm today
get me the. harges of dryclraning of two double bed small blankets near by
ipl win kon
leaderboard please
send me d playing squad for todays match
set for every day
thank you so much :)
marathalli
book ticket
looking to order breakfast
Find me kids store near by
dear yes
airtel broadband bill......
Can you help me to know honeymoon package of Andaman.... Somebody called up since 2 days n told me to give proper package info for andaman 4 night 5 days
every _numeral_ or _numeral_ min or so
k love u deepti bye
which is  the most beautiful places of madikeri in tourist place
no, it's 10 am
Hey no need for wake up call. Tnx please
"		i would like to cancel my to-do: take bath for everyday at 08:55 pm { reminder_list: 356750, user_id: 1869426, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
nalini
Reminder at 5 for imp call
yes sure i need ipl score get updates
OK when the Bus will depart from Bhubaneswar and from where?
i want watch logan
Can u find me any HDFC bank ATM  ?
Clarks resort Bangalore
wat are the cancellation charges
when is the next mumbai indians match
22686
I am on way to lucknow by train but i am going first time and i want you to notify  me when i reach at charbagh railway station as thas my destination
which teams playing at raipur this time
i want my to do list...in image
aap bata skte ho tb mere samjh me aega
maidam cash back offer chal raha hai
where to buy ipl tickets
can i have number
How much u charge for reserving a table in restaurant
can i know the availability of
i'm already open my location
this app is good for learning & speak english fluenty
Hey, can you give me movie show timings?{task}
"where r my tickets.	?"
frm chennai to kgm how can i go
cancl my remindr plzzz
fa toll also he took from ua
show 9w-7161
good afternoon to u
i want web check in
thaks buddy
one more thing plze send an sms i dont want a call
i didn't got my referal creadit
amount has been debited
any theatre. is fine
is ter any discount for paying bills?
Hi I want u to remind me on Friday evening that on Saturday 9 am I have to go to eenadu vasundara
i am still at work please update the score
ok make a reminder call to me for a telephonic interview in 10 mins
but on other site fare is 3974
plz send the right information
Near bhawarkuwa
where can i find kfc
nothing..
any predictions about _date_ s match
goa flight prices please
would pay cash for the same
some information providing to me
i pm
trains from dli rbl tomorrow tatkal
4128005111
can i change these reminder any time
I want to know the timings of my train
i want to know availability and fare in ac 3 tier (3a) in train number 11077{product_id:11077_pune_bsl,api_name:trains_api}
great.. i have to say your reminder feature works wonderfully well .. i was very useful for me.. ty :)
can you arrange some ticket of ipl
need a recharge
"		i would like to cancel my reminder to 'passport renewal appointment' for thu, 16 march at 11:00 pm { reminder_list: 723967, user_id: 1957161, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want to book tickets for csk match
aapko hindi aati he?
I want you to call me for this reminder please
i want for evening by 8.00
and kkr means kolkata knight riders and dd means delhi daredevils
hw much does kholi scored in last match
gud eveing 🤗
96577 47346
Sir I would like to know the travel package to visit ambala from pathankot
hyd sunrises playes list
are kya dimaak nahi chal r raha? good morning nahi night hena!-_
i want result only
i need train tickets
the final amount is 6423 right.?
hey can you plz check
can you please keep my wake up alarm everday
any mob bill pay descount offer
hi help me..
set due date reminder
remind me to check santa delevers commission discrepancy.
i'm waiting
535 am
please turn off my all reminders
one time...amc
sony service center
rcb is good team
thank you madam
Cab booking
Show me some cheapest options from Delhi to Pune flights in next 6 months..
cancel this reminder baba.. i wont fit in the dress anyway
Resorts
bc bet laga di sri lanka pe ab kya karu
but the fare is only 550
not good
sorry i forgot it
any offer for cabs payment would be cash
it was not transfering
my friends yesterday's above 100₹ transaction id is crn595614832
Is there a 1 1 offer in Domino's today?
inform me when match starts
cancel the todays alarm
hindustan payment
has rohtang pass been opened for visitors now?
nearest park?
Need to fix a bulb holder
an air conditioner
i want book in goregaon
nearby health checkup center
now sorry after 70 min
!?
i have already used ola. but never booked using haptik.
ok tq
yes i want updates
how to use
no no not now!  i will let u know when will i need!
_date_ scores
okay match score please
I want to reschedule my flight
dont disturb mrng mrng
Tell me from bangalore to karatagi today nite coast ad layout  government bus tdy
computer service
Tell me Mtdc resorts in mahrastra
availability of train no. 17057 on date 21/09 all class
oookay
Nearby electrician
dude how can india come into the semis
OK I want a recharge in Vodafone 9587681695
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 05:30 am { reminder_list: 707062, user_id: 1980485, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
not now sandeep thanq
Stop all the reminders
from amrutsar to nanded
how cash
u*
u have any train
n scores
no thnku
cash back
there is some error
There is no non ac bus
mera refund credit nahi hua abhi tak
we will inform u
when is the the next match of india
can you change the time of the reminder for taking my medicines
Activate DND on 7619829224
s raja gopal 501 kohinoor square malleshpalaya main road near medihope hospital above icici bank near malleshpalaya bus stand bangalore 560 075
28802 05/03/2017
update of the match
rameshshaha8584@gmail.com
morning ka nhi hai kya
N return on 11th
Tell me offers on train tickets
Pls set water reminder for me... for every 2hrs
hey wake me after 1 hour
thanks a lot
hi baby what u doing
its the best app
am at sector 18 noida....can u find out if there is any gionee service centre nearby
Hey i want to go to thathotthu junction
When are trains gonna start from agartala-kolkata
Discout coupons for pizza delivery from dominos
spicejet saver
hey make my wake up call remind at 4 .45 mng instead of 5:30
my english speaking low quality plz adjustment
leave mam
i need a plumber in pune
m not interested in cricket
y u want to call me
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 693126, user_id: 1979802, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
is this possible?
o.k
what about pune under msd
call yuchra consultancy mr. balu 08041663048
ty馃槃 n osm app
i have to discuss first then i will tell you
Dominos  offers and coupons
yes i would like to from malabar chopsticks
8pm travel
I need to deposit cardless cash in sbi bank ATM kindly tell me a nearby atm in Besant nagar
return tickets? ??
ipl news
any offer oon recharge?
picnic spot
Hi good evening 08-09-2016 nidubrolu to secunderabad any reservation A.C , sleeper class information send me
on food?
can you tell me near by any professional courier office?
i need everyday reminders through cal
remind me to eat misal at 5pm today
very attractive offrr
Tell me about fare
Check train sleeper
jo duabi se aate h
hey what the current score card
bengali
Book for me 4 ppl booking
work done
can i get pune s innings
it's not will received means what can i do?
whose player out in match
can u do the same daily
I also need a text reminder at 1.30 again for same
show me the return journey prices as well?
i will give u
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 06010{product_id:06010_tbm_src,api_name:trains_api}"
no, not now thanks for asking
spa in panjim
yes but every _numeral_ minutes
Same Day Arrival
Kochi to Kannur bus ticket
no on it
anyone would do
"hi.. is there any reminder which can be visible when i will not open the app. 	today i forget to open app so i do not received any reminders. 	now when i opened this i saw reminders"
login issue why i have to log in to uber
remind me to call foreigners office
How many hours left to reach kozhikode from my cureent location in train
ok il drink now
i want restaurant near punjab university
mathura to ahmad nagar
kk byyy
any offer???
flight tickts from
5fer17
"		i would like to cancel my `wish manish happy birthday!` reminder for sat, 04 march at 08:00 am { reminder_list: 690215, user_id: 1568504, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
fast please
_date_ match details mi vs gl
thank you dir
please tell me nxt scheduled match in mumbai
show train from phagwara to ludhiana today
do i have any offer for the movie logan?
on another number
it was helpful
whats the yousuf pathan highest score in this ipl
3/10/2017
hi ni want ipl score and match condition dude
will u hv any cash back coupons?
can u chek a pnr status
however you deepti ji
Surat tu saputara train
i wanted to go back to previous set one but couldn't get it to set
do u have morning alaram device ?
no i'm fine tnq
sterling theature
who became man of the match
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 12322{product_id:12322_coi_hwh,api_name:trains_api}"
where is jalpaiguri government engineering college ?
i need driver
lv
cn u help me out wid jain temple in udaipur
In which seats r available
can you give me the shedule of rcb match
urban foundry
from ahmedabad to chicago
Mumbai to Ratlam on 8 th octomber
hi i wanna watch movie called lion
sure ... thanks :)
need a flight on 5th of march from kolkata to mumbai
Hi can u check the acailability of ticket in shram shakti express on coming saturday evening from ndls to cnb
what about afridi n kohli
Please set a reminder
why did dhoni promote r ashwin up the order _date_
How much is the tickets for sat show
I want flowers
whether i earn cashback when i add money
can you update me on my pnr status?
Pl help me with train running status
and ipl team players
Gimme a call at 1340
thanks for helping, pleasure talking to you
Pls find subway
Metro station
can you help me with this recharge first
New movies for this week
please keep sending posts every few minutes
i want match schedule
thanks a lot suraj. so nice of you
thanks for giving this offer, but i'm not interested
preowned cars
gm meenakshi
How to activate DND on my phone
ye to maine bhi checkbkiya hai
Pure Veg Restaurant
how
ok thanks for information
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 719027, user_id: 1984836, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
hello, could you remind my wife to take her medicines 💊 ?
Any offers for light bill payment?
What about the udaipur mumbai flight fare?? For 30th nov??
what s the score board of rcb
can you guess who ll win
i 've semt my location
to attend rahul bhargav
which tem going to final
I want to know nearby pnb atm?
i want to 2000k
kitna amount aayega
I need a offer for today in kfc of jamshedpur
how is virat in this ipl
for finls
Dominos pizza in mehsana
reminder me every 1 hour for water reminder
Can u remind me to go to gym?
sir recharge done as sir
yesterday i made mobile payment
i think you are not understanding
i want to change my 2nd dose of medicine
Reliance digitals
nothing just keep sending the ipl scores
tu robot h?
Get best flight rates
i paid my electricity bill on 26 feb
how many runs gambhir done in this ipl
Near by Titan shop
what is highest score by any batsman in ipl format in a season
can you send the ticket to my mail id
I would like if i get an reminder for my mds entrance preparation!
fine 👍
please tell who is the caption of sun srise in ipl _numeral_
may i know the price rates for hair cut and shaving
menu of kfc in alapuzha?
i am cash is available or not
yeah i nees
it s not a great day
nope thanks good night
जी बिलकुल
Movies in rockline mall
Find me near by dell service centre
hi sakshi..we have recharged with ,20 for vodaphone...but dint get operater confirm...
nice apps yar
I need to knw abt offers in mcnolds and Domino's
everyday except on weekends
what was result of yestarday s mumbai vs delhi match
btw it's neerag 🙂
please help me out using cashback offer
help me in that
can u say the procedure
wrong message
prepaid electric bill
Could u find a brain specialist nearby me?
offer in train
pls show me hindi shows
where i can use this wallet money ?
hey meenakshi reply asap
Hi any status about train booking confirmation?
Thee star hotel in manalo
is there any delay for train no 22634
can u let me know any tickets available from chennai to leh on may 5 and return ticket on 9th may  from leh to chennai
Hi please send me the rates of cheapest price flight tickets
wanna book a cab
thanks a lot.
yeah sure shruthi
ya baby
i highlighted this earlier...
hi, i want to book flight tickets 
hey can u let me know the status of confirmed ticket
is it show me proof
i want to buy jio fi
the above restaurants have corporate discounts for morgan stanley employees?
Hey Can You Help With Street Food??
in every _numeral_ min
i want a man to service my treadmill
thanxx to refund
Remind me to call my mom every day 8 pm
how much time will be taken from gudiwada to hanuman junction by bus...??
good evening sandeep
Spa.
i want to cancel my tvkt
thanks hasan sir😊😊
ahamadabad
how about getting details for business class
I have aquaguard ro reviva..it is out of warranty...if i want to change full membrane/filter...what is the cost?
ok i will wait
Can i get the bus time-table from aakurdi to warje malvadi
good luck
Sir mere ko 2 ticket Kanpur to kota bus ticket chahiye
tmrw 10 40 pm
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 700637, user_id: 1981149, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
offfer on bill paymnt
what is the power plus plan of docomo for odisha ? can u pls tell me ?
th
nearest hall to me
Seat no.
details
sry bymistake sorry
Hi. I need to book train no 14610 from delhi to haridwar. 24th sep tatkal. Pls remind me for the same
Hey deepika plzz stop the alarm
indore*
near nerul station east
rangoon
where is the score
is 75rs cashback available?
ya. sure
puneet where is 12503 now
how far is iffco chowk metro station from the
set for every day
ok go head for booking tkt
any offrrs
how much cash back for logan movie today?
ohhhh hmmm sure
zym
Kya mera wake up call ni ayegi???
mai so nahi sakta
for iit kanpur...
please cancel my reminders
punjab vs hyderabad
thank you
hey...do i have cash back option...if i book ola
dapoli
check the status of praygaraj 3ac
send me the points table too
gujrat lions won
12247
i'll recharge but i need some coupons too
all reminder
maam tickets please
mane aj marathon me ranning 10 km ki he ud hindi me bnanan he
Set an alarm
near
new delhi railway station
very costly....
delhi to lucknow
remind me to call maharaj at morning 9.3
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 705696, user_id: 1981993, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
air india flight ai630 nag-bom on 01st-mar-2017 shall now depart at 2145 hours. ai tollfree 18001801407
"		i would like to cancel my `wish dhilip kumar happy birthday!` reminder for wed, 29 march at 12:00 am { reminder_list: 703177, user_id: 1981486, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
may i know where r u from
keep me updates
i want the list of every teams who won n loss how many matches
this is awsome! thanks!
bas kr pgl rulayegii kya
Refund amount credited to my account
HDFC atm
I need u to send me the same guy from universal electronics for repairing my adapter
south mumbai
hi malvika are you a robot or a girl?
find me 2bhk flat
hotels near by
is there any offer on book my show
show me point table for india
hi i'm looking for a good astrologer in jaipur who should be renowned as well as economical. i mean he shouldn't charge a heavy fees
recharge ma kuch discount ha abji
I need a petrol pump near me
thank-you.. i appreciate your help.
will you please check once
thank you so much...😊
I want HDFC bank not ATM
just keep on updating me the scores
Airtel store
want food delivery
Earliest train in the morning from wardha to Amravati
show e the points table
hey i need the pune score card of batting
need good urgently
i don't won't now sorry
mseb
your self
thanks a lot . will go through
_date_ s match detail royal challengers bangluru vs gujarat lions
i have different question
video of chris gayle s innings against england
deltin goa
Any movie nearby
if daredevil s lose by _numeral_ runs or more
any offers on cabs??
Flight G8141
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 07:39 pm { reminder_list: 724907, user_id: 1206027, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
india wons
pnr
Remind me for Swati's birthday on 23 September 2016 at 2300 hrs
kindly cancel my all call reminders
how u doing
I think its btr i buk d return ticket...
it is private
gaurav sir mai rechrge karunga to paise nhi natenge na
gujrati..
gandi chowk
Need to fix new lock for the door
ahmednagar
is the reply from a system or from a real man.?
i just take medicine ha and thanks
Any restaurant nearby ?
i need help
Stop the drinking water reminder from tomorrow onwards thanks alott for reminding me so many days
every 5mins in that interval
Unlimited pizza
in gurgaon
i would like to inform you that mumbai indians have _numeral_ games remaining to play and not _numeral_
okay thank you nu give me information in _numeral_ min please
i'm interested in watching commando 2
thanks good morning
Hotels in gaya ,biharm
Sleeper ticket
no please cancle
hello rajendra
send time list
are there any coupons
pooja ji apko mera girte-pdte good morning 😍
destination: terminal id airport
please add the details in the call
airtel prepaid internet plan
i'd like to order from ghar angan
hindi mie baat karo
which team win previous match
i want 3 days cab
is my table reservation  confirmed
give me conteneous upadate of score
How can I activate dnd on my no.
reminder is not working
so basically 2 call reminders okay?
i want the schedule of upcoming matches of royal challengers bangalore
cockroaches?
i want learn english
remind me to pay credit card bill at 9pm today
i did prepaid instead of postpaid
and score for sunriser s match _date_
is there a direct flight between delhi and dimapur?
hi. meenakshi.
malcha marg
Is there any nearest bank of india atm
who won sday match
so only
passengers number 2 was not conform how many times take to seat are conform
I'm looking for hdfc life branch address in Koramangala
provide me the schedule
hello deepti mam
Can you check the seat availability in second class sitting
ok ..
i have any coupon??
Remind me to pay the bill
Internet  and xerox cafe near by
Which restaurant are near me
restaurant in khandeshwar for parcel
you too👍.
no message yet! uc call centre is closed
gud mrng...nalini
and i feel nice to tlk to you
Nearby SBI ATM?
where the final to be played of t _numeral_ world cup _numeral_
How much price gulbarga to Varanasi by train?
now what s d score
pankaj
and kkr vs sunr
when i will get my cashback amount
hompatheic store m saying
"i say to cancell all reminders 	not sett	only cancell{task}"
Tiger it's a punjabi movie
tmw
kk i'll c
100 mem dinner cost
i want enquiry number of d y patil international school pune
shivaji railway station mumbai to andheri west mumbai
hey i want reminder call every after 15min from now till 5am
i want ride after one hiur
can u do one thing
i did not get yet pdf which i booked yesterday
tell me about ipl
please share order summary for tracking
kk tq
remind me to cal for swimming fre
i need little information
please send me the snapshot of the scoreboard please
overs of dd
5/3/2017
chakdah railway station
Jabong money refund status
any other offers
What is the cost for of booking a cab from anand vihar rly station to new Delhi / Jama masjid
its completed
And bookings?
Cheapest flight from Bangalore to Indore   on 18th November
8:30am monady to friday
Places to visit in delhi
I know my seat number .it is possible for u to say seat which it is as side or lower or upper seat
can yu punch in manually: safdarjung hospital
by ee
pune to bangalore on11 march
can u remind me at exactly 12 to get my ma off her school
dont forget
near vegetation hotel
saloon with great reviews
is this booked
from my current location to varanasi with direct flight and cheapest on 11th march
PLUMBER WORK
what just _numeral_ balls are remaining
it's ok.
what is the score of mi
show**
14256 runing status
when does ipl starts
hassan to bangalore which timings detail
say me weather conditions in ipl final now
Hi I need an electrician
i'm not interested
ceiling fan not working
Tell me ac bus timings from hisar to jhajjar
thanks sneha
who is having the purple cap
kfc?
Tourist place
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 11:00 pm { reminder_list: 312306, user_id: 1567604, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Show me offers on book my show
Evening Train  schedule from indore to Nagda
guj win
not interested in booking
8249586557
gn n tc nice chatting with you and thanks for your assistance
u can cancel all my fut
qualifier _numeral_ is also done
Do u have any good deal for me in curry leaves restaurant
tomorrow 10 am
"		i would like to cancel my call shopperstock reminder for sat, 04 march at 06:00 pm { reminder_list: 708225, user_id: 1982801, task_name: call_someone, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Can you book today evening (6-7 pm) in Vasant Kunj PVR promenade - 2 tickets
malayalam movie
hoshangabad to kareli
star theater show timings
i would like to add a title to that reminder
1 ticket second class deccan exp
Uber taxi  vyttila to kaloor rate ?
is there facility available for that to help
ok got it buddy,, thx
daily alarm
Can we get a carpenter
plzzzz update me with my pnr status
are you a chat bot ?
hey do u know fl studio 12?
i want remainder for my syrup
commando kab ari he
I want telegram channel of hindi dubbed movies for my telegram app
nothing for now. thank you.
what i say !
activate again
Hey want to plan a birthday lunch for my friends on  15th October Saturday for lunch... At Wild Dining Restaurant Oshiwara...  Can you let me know what offers will. They have for lunch buffets there will be 30-40 ppl
Maharastriyan food options
is there any discount ?
arrange a girl who would be interested for watching the match with me
will i receive a call
Idea roming pack
will virat rock again
not at all busy
vandana sorry but i m taking about above request for carpenter
will i get delievery from kfc at below mention address..?
In which theatre Majnu movie is going to be released in amalapuram..?
list of all the matches kkr is going to play in next few days
any coupon available
borivali west
k sure na ?? thank u then
actually i wanted a ride for later
how ia the movie
show last over runrate
visit g mill today @afternoon
you whaste people
and another one
cya
10 times i told to do it through paytm
Stop the medical Reminder
can i go for the movie i'm 15
i support kkr
thanks, mukul. ☺️
i had to but i found you have no offer currently so recharged at paytm.
to call deepak driver for taxi booking
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for thu, 09 march at 10:00 am { reminder_list: 697513, user_id: 1980345, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
hey abhi kya score hua h
in the morning.
will you notify me when any team will win in _date_ s match
do  u support bus booking
no thanks just one i have for the day
K check in 199rs plan if I choose 2 packs for call and 1 pack for 3g data ?
mitrama
match score update please
7619759384
wanna book tickets
sorryyy
i will do it later
Postpaid plans
no huge runs right
i have already ordered the food😑
sryy not interested
bangalore to delhi cheap flights on may 19th 6 people
"		i would like to cancel my reminder to 'into night shift' for everyday at 04:00 am { reminder_list: 446822, user_id: 1007846, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
what kind of reminder
negative so for thanks
can you chanege to mon
thank u.
reminder for salary sheet from office stpl
75 50. should get please let me know why not received
Utchathula siva
thanks sir
kabrai
toss details
how much they need to win
Cuisine or dish: Pizza
no not interested in rangoon
Can u find me the nearest Guitar shop where I can buy Guitar accessories?
i'm sorry for being late
if required
dont remind
what is my promocode for uber
near by icici bank branch
i spoke to the driver
otherwise i have to book other cab
hiii shilpa
thank you i just checked whether it works or not
can you enquire about cooking classes?
"hey	could you please stop the reminders of water for sometime"
can u help in one thing
keep me updated every over will you
any date
hi, i want to book ubergo {product_id:83941b0d-4be1-4979-a9c0-f0af5ee2b89b, api_name:uber, product_name:ubergo, seat_count:none}
can i keep some electronic items in my suitcase?
rps- rising pune supergiants
i didn't receive cashback
tell me score after a gap of two overs
remind me of bathing @3 pm
any hair parlour
when i done my first 2 recharge i get 15% cash back...
check fare from anna naga to chennai airport in ola cabs
i am not looking for restaurant
k thank you
ohk thnku
I want know train timings today kollam trivandrum strating from 1pm
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 08:00 am { reminder_list: 704289, user_id: 1979994, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
tell me points table of ipl
100 below
thankiu
bus booking ?
can you arrange a body massage therapist at my house
i want to go to spn from anand vihar
i want quotes on life daily.
Please cancel my wake up calls
has he done training from malinga
uber
kya msg karna hai ball to ball score okay liye
chandigarh - new delhi
how to get tickets for semis
i did a booking through haptik
can i get update on srh vs kxip
Hi I need d number of indigo airlines
Western union near me
bus frequency during night from vellore to chennai central
yo too take care
_numeral_ balls _numeral_ runs
registrar office
is the recharge done
with no extra cost
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 717192, user_id: 1983850, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
tata photon prepaid
I need to chk flight details to Goa on 10 n 11
cab not required anymore
Hi, I want to book tickets for PINK.{banner}
ok will get back to you
it has not come yet
n whose batting
is there any offer currently running
no it's done
what's your full name
Hi, can you find for me.. At what minimum cost, we can travel to JODHPUR FROM KOLKATA?  BOTH Rail and Flight?
let me know if there is any cashback
"my pickup is- 		king's palace 12, kiit road, patia, swarnapuri, patia, bhubaneswar, odisha 751024, india"
Storks show timings in pvr logix noida
which is best restaurant for north Indian food in ahmedabad with village theme in open place...
pick mr. amardeep singh from airport morning 9.00 o'clock on 10th march
yeahb thanks! did it!:)
gm
Today train time table  train no..12988
top five scorer _numeral_
okay...will be back...thank you
multiplex in dehradun
i need top _numeral_ playes
haa
my gift cupan is expired please cheque
fill
what about logan
i want to travel to goa from kolkata
dis app is really awesome
m at laxmi nagar delhi
aap mje
sharma on fire it s getting better
I want two wake up calls on 24th September.. one at 5.30 am and the other one at 6 am
payment were made through ola money
wake me up at 5.30 am 1st march
jabalpur, south avenu mall
3/15/2017
How I can get reliance jio sim
"remind me to take protractor	date - 2 march 2017	time - 6:20 pm"
i want book ipl ticket
Car garage nearby me .....
recharge was successful?
is these rates for 2 passengers?
i need to recharge for 5rs ,, help me
send me score cards
the prices are too expensive
Rate cutter for airtel gujarat
veshali exp ka ticket chahiye
Red spice restaurant gotti map please
hi dipti
i have a movie show in the morning, cane you please remind me
relaxing and pain relief
Remind me about time sheet next Monday morning 10 am
tarkarli
details of dat
7610067504 pe mne cal recharge kiya tha jo aaya nai h
more how many matches are remainin
soo which type of movie
i have another issue regarding my bill
please update me the score for every half an hour
you tell me who won the toss when done
what can you do
3g
Hollywood mechanic movie in ballari ..theatre being playing
how many days it takes to reach  there
Resturent
off all remainders
1 hr 30mins
"ajay gautam sir ko call...	code 28	fee comittee	turbo	icm aicte	maxim dte	jansampark	sardar ji"
hindi me bolo
what is the atm nearby
either bus/train/flight
pls repeat this at 11:30 am on same day
fast
I want a ring set
any flight offers for me?
k thanks for the service
sorry please dont cancel it
i meant the last match of mi
don't call me 12:05 pm today
yea i have get it
how to use money??
resturants
i want voice recorder
honeymoon packages
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 684010, user_id: 1977538, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
i want to go shirdi   shani shingnapur
u 'll call me
urban clap give 30 days service
Any places to travel  like park or garden near by
I want you to check the distance and time of journey from andheri-mumbai to coulaba
thanks a lot mam ...👌
i need to order a pizza
not really..
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 4 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 707922, user_id: 1963663, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
मैंने अपनी हेल्प जो मेरी हेल्प थी मैंने आपको पहले बताई थी कृपया उसके बारे में बताइए
Find me the train from dehradun to meerut
dhasa amreli
9761004710
need cab booking
i have booked the ticket wrongly
what is best fare for flight from delhi to bangalore in may 3rd week
ya sure
which is most popular picture
hi gloria
can i have free recharge
reschedule it to 9.00am please
whats about your discount/cash back?
couple of minutes ago. rs.29
I want my call rates cheaper
2 pm what is charges
Bangalore to hubali ticket charges
rupay
can u alert me with temperature
i want to get a cake and flowers presented to a friend on her birthday  in gurgaon
kindly make boarding pass for me
Nearest cinema hall
which teamis win
heyyy remind me of watching piya albela at 6:00 on 6/3/2017
Can i knw full talk time recharge in airtel At Ap circle??
gokul's
jit gaya
Surakarta packages..
can i get ipl matches tickets
good evening mam
how much cost from bangalore air port to hosur cab service
shruti... i wanna food as home dlvry
the water timer
i want tampo traveler from delhi to katra
with offers
2nd mqrch 11408
any other number u have
what u can do
six distance of yuvraj
Please tell Places to visit in Delhi during rain
sleeper class one ticket
is mumbai in for q final
harbour line
1 bar ap chek karo
Hi I m looking for paying guest facility near by Andheri station or near by metro station.
Can you check if tickets are available for tomorrow morning for pink at star mall
pls help
Amritsar to haridwar train?
i did not any message
wbu wi women team
Order o pizza
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 11:00 pm { reminder_list: 246104, user_id: 1587683, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
1ticket
Ok set remainder for me
kya bolte ho kon jitega
your name please
can you update me with the match
rcb n punjb match is _date_
hi gaurav
fyfghfghh
want to watch movie @ gazi attact.
wake me up by 5:30 pm today evening
sakib ull hasan scor per ipl match _numeral_
anjali how are you
actually i'm planing to book a cab around 4 pm. may i know what's the procedure like mode of payment?
remind me for going gym
Which new movies releqse
oh that s batting pitch
is this hotel shivam residency
is irfan pathan a part of playing xi _date_ or they have n t disclosed it yet
scorecard for rps
can you please tell me the current ipl points table
yes set month alert
inform me about todays match too
please show me trains from bvi to than for sleeper (sl) on 25-03-2017.
current point table in ipl
The order you placed have placed have not reached yet
i just want to stop all alarm for few days
60 buget hai mera
is this including tax?
i think you not read my message
its okay
cleaning
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for fri, 03 march at 04:42 am { reminder_list: 687091, user_id: 1837261, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
I want to order pizza
on ola
Mc donald rohtak
who will be my service provider
in cheapest price
hi sachin
can you remind every day??
i need reminder to fill expense sheet at evening
goa
i am not sure when i am gonna travel. i will let you know when the date is fixed
what are _date_ matches
Do ola and uber work in aurangabad ?
batsmen now
whats happening wid kkr
hw r u ??
thanks samiksha
thanks and same to you
it's too costly
whats the score knw
i didn't get my cashback
what is the team for both srh as well as rcb
i didnt get recharge
plez tell me train delay or not
tell me that which seat is allocated to whom
chicken soups of italy
what is the discount i'll get
most fav team for winning this t _numeral_ world cup
hi is there any procedure to transfer wallet money to other haptic wallet
I want a rate cutter
Need package for one day picnic near mumbai
can you tell me nearest airport from ujjain
can i pay through mobikwik
cant i use fly1000 again?
can u give me some links for content writing?
the orange cap holder
i didnt applied ola offer
New Delhi to Lucknow
is ur job is done is done after t _numeral_ world cup
you can tell me ipl scores if any wicket or any boundary is happen n nand also for the toss
"		i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 12618{product_id:12618_nzm_gwl,api_name:trains_api}"
whts the score of the match
aap knha se ho
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for sat, 21 october at 08:00 am { reminder_list: 726736, user_id: 1966091, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Best dinner offers near vijaynagar
remember me my friend birthday
What is the procedure to book tickets for movie??
What's my seat no.
no. i placed the order with swiggy.
can you give me details of rcb batting
gud mrng
yes i received
good nyt
i need the list for cake delivery
fir every 1 hour
abi status batayenge22452 ka{task}
are you mad
5 am today
whats the playing xi for todays match of rcb
chances of rcb to playoff
kannur
New delhi to goa
nearby petrol pump
from morning 8 to evening 9 ..... every 1.5 hour
dr ankita comparision
Please tell me howrah to muzaffarpur train list for tomorrow
Spa  in phoenix mall city
i am sorry for _date_ as i shall be watching it on big screen in the club i shall certainly awail your services in future
no.thanks
Flight from Bangalore to bhubaneswar on dec18
Any offers I can get at KFC today?
Delete my wakeup call
Indo canadian library
actually i have it in salt lake
total score of david warner in all ipl matches
are you programed computer or human .
i want airtel gallery
cancel the water reminders please
how u ll remind by call or message???
manjuls
Indian bank ATM please?
hi any recharge coupon
Plz schedule reminder
Please stop reminder for water
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 02 april at 09:45 am { reminder_list: 725169, user_id: 1964697, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
what s the score himani
under 3000
lol..
let u know in a wile
Best hotel in shimla
rechargeable
train from bakhityarpur to patna
make it from 12:05 pm to 11:30 pm
wall branding mail 7pm today
a week
how careless u people are
this is regarding the order
all task
yes go with axis bank
yes please do inform me once the tickets are available
what all are charges
can dis app help me with a diet chart by anyway?
i want to see play
which team won the last match
as i have checked, the cancellation charges for the pnr tx9m4t is rs 2475 and you will get a refund of rs 2833 approx.
airline pnr
Please find me DoCoMo postpaid best cashback offer
22 april train
who is battling now
no thank you ni m already watching it
remaind me 4 clock of this evening
india matches schedule please
looking for a yoga teacher for elderly person
i changed my mind
u order food for me i m in station  i still don't  get
i m sleeping tommarow meet you agai..
thank you for d score update
tambaram railway station
How much commission do u charge for booking bus tickets..
score chart of rcb
Uco bank atm
ok sorry dear
berhampur to vizag
am i eligible for any cab offer?
and from pune to patna?
Non stop flight
hi, in how much time shall i get the 15% back one i book my flight
Please find the flights Delhi to Moscow
i want food near me
shedules for delhi matches only
leave
is pune in or out of the tournament
I didn't get a reply for my question from reminder
do you know where i can rent oyo cabs in kolkatta
No can you confirm reservation position of Kolkata Rajdhani from New Delhi on 6.11.16 in ACIII
petrol oil
e square university road
i tell u later
date
can i order alcohol
can u tell me a petrol pump near to me...which is open 24 hr
and how about 350?
no .. no need any assistance..
hi, i'm interested in watching winner. {movie_name:winner}{task}
cash back not received
thanks, not now
I need a acting driver
cancel raju leave comp off
Check my train stetus
usman khawaja playing _date_ or not
Ok show me some of the stocks?
departure tym of rajdhani exp...durg to delhi
i have checked but there is no availability
komal
thank you ji
Nampally se kishan bag konsi bus jati uska bus number kya hai
which is your favorite team in ipl
message
ih thanks
it's not working
1hr
how to avil this offer
thanks u
Reliance gsm ka tarrif plan for 3 months
who is the winner of indian premier league _numeral_
atleast share something
Ur network sucks, not able to recharge my mobile thru haptik several times
i need a bar
any recharge offer here
baasha
Remind me of the movie at 9
do we hav straught trains to darjeeling
Review
is it a new stadium
its bsnl landline bill
i booked from the link onl
Cancel the wake up alarm please
Please cancel my reminder
Please can you list me the trains between luckniw and hardoi
Nearest lady salon/saloon
Will the movie launch on inox city centre?
i want to cancel ticket partially
Remind me to collect the bouquet and gift for V.C by Saturday 10 AM
you are from
evng 6
i'm traveling to purulia.. can you tell me how much would it cost to book a cab from purulia to bokaro steel city
i wanted a room for 2 people in sahar pavilion
r u a robot
today evening 4pm wants to go movie
from pizza hut
on the given number
how many match s needs to win to qualify for semis
from bhopal to gwalior
i want one medicine i need the shop open
and hyerabad score
"my travel is cancelled.... non refundable flight tickets 	should i loose money or any way out"
actually i haven't used it for notifications before.
who won the toss at india new zealand
can i use haptik wallet to pay
hi, i'm interested in watching the lego batman movie. {movie_name:the lego batman movie}{task}
Please check cheapest flight to Ranchi from Delhi between 2nd Nov and 4th Nov.
is there seat available on 9th march from tuticorin to coimbatore
track this please
rcb schedule
show timings
12105 yesterday
i need update of this match
Sbi atm
I like foooood
hey can you get me show timings for logan
remained me for giving kiss
i want all the flight details from mornig
call panni remind panna a
can you set one reminder
another phone
add text on tifin note that i have spent 60₹
Ohk and what will be the check in time.? I want it around 8am and will check out same day evening
drink water at 10a. m
i would like to book cab from kj somaiya hospital to kokilaben dhirubai ambani.hospital
Hey mayank plzzz set my alarm
its for round trip or one way
Can u give me no of dominoz
_date_ point tabl
above image
time
5th jan 2013
thank you bro keep me updating
give me details for boty
Change time it's 12.50pm
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 706972, user_id: 1982307, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
get lost
not now.. thank you !!
Send me inox theatre no. Plzz
show me
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 366283, user_id: 1831091, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
wht is the current score
at what score
dr
Pnr status
I want cab from palkkad to Coimbatore air port tomorrow morning at 6.00am.
Furniture repair
may i know ur name
may i know the distance between chennai to ongole
any movie
Kannada language type
hello bharuch saher me aj kal me koi karushi mela chal raha he. muje iski details chahiye
una.. himachal pradesh
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 722135, user_id: 1985614, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
new reminder for airtel broadband payment
when i need tgen i will contact you
rply soon
0
from model town to malka ganj
update me everything about yuvraj to me
ok.
date with mo and get krishna too at 1100
lunch cost
please let me no whether there are single occupancy rooms at hostels at sr nagar hyderabad
Plz check seat availability for 18237 on 29/10 3 ac
i want 8 tickets for commando movie in viviana mall
and plss replace it with previous reminder
do you knw one thng?
who won the match in _date_ s england vs southafrica
bats mans
Pnr number 4535669196 .train num 16566 calicut to banaswadi Bangalore.....nashra pls give me the present status
Hey, can you remind me about my upcoming meeting?{task}
Any offers for tickets booking
i already set for this but today i don't receive any reminder
i want to order from mc donalds
which gate should be preferred to enter feroz shah kotla
Looking for hotel in goa
9 apr night
kirik party
update me fast with the score board
testing
can you help with coach position
my place is parel
what shall i do
please suggest me a lunch
heyyy...can you please help me find nearest dry cleaners
it wasn't possible without you and haptik
telugu
The movies listed above are for 30th September right?
i am any questions asked answer to me
i didnt get money for sharing dis app
i would like to cancel my reminder for everyday at 11:30 pm { reminder_list: 696979, user_id: 1979289, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
Tell me the movies
can u make a call on 9765060628 pn behalf of me at 10.30 a.m tday
so just confirm please. How many alarms have you set for tomorrow?
rana ani anjali ch lagna ahe udya
Hp laptop care centre
where is code
spa or massage parlor
rcb will cross _numeral_ ah
want to buy ola pass
Please call me 5 times
kk & thnx
i will pay be wallet
already payment done
that's it for now! thank you 😀
i want to cancel my tickets
no thanks bro
4129292899
can you help me with flight status of uk838
yes send me the update of match
i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 366283, user_id: 1831091, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
I am planning for goa trip
any offers for this ticket
Can ew check my train Status
any offer in kerala??
Axis bank atm
Hauz khas nearest sbi public branch?
mtlb pani baras raha hai kya
remind me for take away with my self
i want to know somthing can u help me
hi divya when is the t _numeral_ world cup final match i just forgot
24th may, patna, bangalore
bareilly
thank u :)
Nearest school
wat about score
what all r the rates
Ya I was looking to book tickets for my journey from pune to Mumbai on coming Thursday
"okay	please remind me at that time"
pl remi d me meeting on 22nd march at isha foundation 3 pm
"		i would like to cancel my `wish rohit happy birthday!` reminder for sun, 05 march at 11:55 am { reminder_list: 689052, user_id: 1952677, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
and another call at 6.30
refunded
i need a plumber
recently show in tv news channels also
please show me trains from kmt to vskp for sleeper (sl) on 13-03-2017.
and for 4 adults and one child how much
driver denided duty
do i get any cash back
hi i am prashant i want cab from babatpur airport to varanasi cantt
yes jay try gor tatkal
sorry i no car
so you mumbai guys have to bat we ll
is thr any train from bangalore to chennai @ 10 r 11pm
83560 14066
Double decker train
this seems not in exsist
Kochavva Paulo Ayyappa Coelho  malayalam movie rating
hey please remind on monday to visit the doctor
free calls and internet
okay you can stop giving back to back updates whenever i ask then tell me
ok thanks.good night
okay what you think who wins
i want to know availability and fare in sleeper (sl) in train number 12964{product_id:12964_kota_nzm,api_name:trains_api}
since we reserved
can you inform me
*what
veg
when is the next match at wankede
i need the schedule of train number 12011.
hey may i know any late night delivery restaurants
What is the minimum price for the delivery in burger king ?
How to invest in haptik
do you have updated table
I want you to set the reminder at 5 pm to call srikanth kanera
Train from nzm to mtj
vodafone store
i have a meeting
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 705304, user_id: 1981904, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
david warner is out now
Any train to Amritsar after 2100 hrs
Window seats buddy if row 19 and 20 are possible
"		i would like to cancel my to-do reminder for this weekend (sat, sun) at 10:00 am { reminder_list: 614573, user_id: 1956113, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
restaurent
dont remind me of that
want to book for luggage transfer
with full scorecards of both the teams
Find me tickets for majnu in near by theatres ..and there is no favorite theatre for me..need tickets for today
thnx for setting up medicine reminder
Can u book vrl multiaxle volvo
virat is on the ground
can u help me with some pre jogging meals please
any cashback offer for recharge ?
finial match date
who team is playing tommie
Tell me thane madgaon trains available frm 7pm onwards on friday
forgot to use cash back
thnq so much😘
but plz mention this with task
Indrayani express,pune to Mumbai availability?
i am looking for a hotel in lansdowne
Which food is good fr diet??
it's 2 BHK...850 sq ft.,..floor bathroom windows cupboard only
can i have the score please
send me a score
book table for lunch at barbique nation amonara mall
senior citizen quoto
from chandigarh to beas
hiii..
rps won
sorry i m confused
but kkr are batting first so can they lose by _numeral_ runs
Make a trip of mine to talcher
royal enfield showroom
please do n t send any updates till the time i ask for
they lost _date_ s matcg
rating
tx vipul
i want villa for rent
yes every half n hour
can you check flight from mumbai to ahmedabd
hi reshnma
list of bollywood movie to be released next week
i would like to order from pizzahut
5th
I want to order from Dominos Pizza.{product_id:2600037,product_name:Dominos Pizza,api_id:,api_name:zomato}{carousel_cta}
What movies are released recently in tamil
half an hour
no thnk u
Actually set this exact similar reminder for a week..not just for monday??
Bike service centre near
Rates and plans of airtel digital tv
i want india pakistan tickets for _date_ march
hdfc/icici
for diwali
hi shruthi
pnr merb5e
by how much did india beat australia
which is the best salon for hair coloring
1 ticket for afternoon show
can you update me fr every _numeral_ overs please
I want train timings
do i have any offers
Bus for Bharuch to dahej
I need to book train ticket
who won the todays match
can you tell me about some saloons nearby?
remind me on 10th march to tell my parents about the mole
crm mall
oh punjab is such a chutiya team
Shows at maxus cinema borivali
noo bar
i want to see who is playing _date_ in indian team
ok i wll let u kno
hey. i wanted to know something!!
yes i m
can you please share the kkr team
ok can u tell me fare for 3 tier as well
can i book local train tickets through haptrik
hotel name is flyover
tk hai
who has highest number of wickets in this ipl
remained
i need to set reminder
Bus detail
nope just update me on who wins
i want to discontinue these reminder
can u plz make it fast
is our conversation restricted to assistant wise or ipl inbox
team stage all teams
actually i need an customer care email i'd if paytm
I want to know train from kottayam to ernakulam south on 16 September between 4 pm and 5 pm
helli
ok thsnks
no thanks shruti
remind me to bring dbms file every wednesday lat 8:00 pm
where is the post office in andheri east
Bus from pune to kalyan today
How to check the 3g internet balance left in airtel
not.now will tell u later
_date_ ka match kesa he
On 29th September morning at 6.50
Hi good Morg I need to knw the best 3star hotels in Krabi,Thailand
Planning Trip for Goa
Where will I get Indian food
hi! i want to pay my phone bill.{task}
maruthi authorized service centre near ayanavaram
what s the result of the match
you are not providing a good service
"		i would like to cancel my `wish ranjitha happy birthday!` reminder for sun, 04 june at 11:57 pm { reminder_list: 723432, user_id: 1837980, task_name: birthday, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
kaise gye
thanks, recieved a call both from urban clap and their technician
can you please confirm
reliance jio company
can you help me find a hotel?
Any Tamil movies?
Location to visit in Goa except beaches and how to reach over there
thanks  my son  came and took over the responsibility  thanks for  timly help this much you have dome a great job really  you all are walking  to achieve the thing
isn't it searching nearby ?...
can i have another wake up call at 5:40
will advice later just checking the fares
good afternoon{task}
tell me about next match of india
pandian cinemas
Search near by restaurant for dinner
5:30pm instead of 6:30 pm
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sun, 05 march at 06:00 am { reminder_list: 702772, user_id: 1981465, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
6362176776
uth
Please stop the 1.49 am reminder
no thanku
so can they win the cup
no handigarh i want chandigarh
check pnr status 8256770550
nope i want tmb bank
in june month
class 3 ac or sleeper
_date_ innings will be more awesome i gues
i want to set a reminder.
now tell my my reminder
hey any computer office to near by me i want to buy ink cartridge
And what about from Chennai central to Mumbai superfast
jb main dadar station pohch jau tb uske 15  minute pehle aap reminder lga dijiye
Water filter
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 595116, user_id: 1903983, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
How much cost of 2G unlimited bls
what is dry and wet servicing..?
new points table
aare score bata dai mama
Hey can i get food from the sharma dhaba ballygunje
"call 01126693575	and get to know what is in there thali today	in veg thali"
I want Ernakulam express and CBE tcr pass ticket price
what is the match summary
sbv
petrol pump
19225 train jalandhar se Jammu k liye sleeper CH seat h ky
Yes got the table
give me sometime will check and let you know
Message me reminding me to bring chemistry part 1 tomorrow 10am
call me 12.21
hey what does the ipl points table look like
i want watching now commando 2 full movie
charges r excluding travel insurance?
please try again later
Is there any best deal in flight tkt for varanasi for 6th october
hi,  could you please suggest me places nearby where i can go play pool/snooker
already there is medicine reminder right?
Plz send me link of show timing
what all are there
hi, i want to book share - 1 seat {product_id:share, api_name:ola, product_name:share - 1 seat, seat_count:1}
can i get flight details
tatkal me tickets mil sakta h
i would like to cancel my wake up call for everyday at 04:05 am { reminder_list: 385288, user_id: 1304221, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
hey i have 100 rs account in my ola account...and my ride is 310 rs..
Share me
budget is below 1000
remind it as avanade mail
Hi can you please deliver to Sarita Vihar ? I want to order from Taco Bell
i was just checking
i want location of hdfc atm{task}
My refrigerator's door hinge is broken. Need to fix that
can u take my destination as morning mulund colony
in a few mins
are you ai?
Is it multiplex
Cancel my all reminder
drinking water reminders
can you find me nearby alcohol shops?
any discounts?
"		i would like to cancel my reminder for everyday at 03:00 pm { reminder_list: 540030, user_id: 1932212, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
help with the bowling facts
i want to search for reminder.
also at 5:45 am mon to fri
bses rajdhani
today am
avasa hotel
send my amount
Power lunch buffet price at barbecue bistro Madurai.
need hotels in mumbai near kamathipura in budget of 500rs per night
i am soory
oh alright
yesss i'm free for haptik always
dobe
you won
hello pankaj
wats the status his _date_
i have been using uber cab already
in your view which one is best team
players playing in pune team
ok madam then
will send u tomorrow
hypercity please play not play his way so me the hyper city route from here yes
Reminder to call jhaji on 26 September
I need train habibganj to shujalpur train
hi i want to know about jio prime
thts gr8
kindly   cancel my rail ticket
ohh that i know please tel lthe live score
afternoon mach score
which one is better by bus or by train
I want topping with capsicum n spicy I want
any horror movies r there?
fetch me _date_ s score
just help me out
plz remaind me on may i need flight ticket for aug23rd
cake to be delivered to vepl at 3:30 pm today
thanks for reminding sneha.
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for sat, 04 march at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 707623-707624-707625-707626-707627-707628, user_id: 1982531, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
my number 8919042070
let's c
"si3 (2017 film).	https://goo.gl/search/si3"
another
thanks, but not now
sudha residency nearby batao
i want to go jaipur
i need a.c. service.. please  transfer to home services.
time is same but only on the days i have requested above.
Plz remove my 11 am reminder
Set this wakeup call every day till 30 september
any offer if i pay via haptik
any courier service
i want you to remind me of this img on 14-15th of march
Hi need lowest fare for Kolkata - Delhi on 15oct
satabdi
koi naya channel aya kya
Suggest Low air fare from Nagpur to pune an vice-versa...
Led bulb
Hey i have done a Recharge on Freecharge app Of My BSNL landline of 1845 it says that the Recharge has been done but my Bsnl Landline is still saying that please make recharge plz help me Plz
and whats the fare in 18237 train for AC 2?
Best Near hotel
plzz give me ur fb name i'll msg u
actually my english speaking is poor
cancel my water reminder please
reply for my query please
to do
which two teams will clash in finals
la cinemas
no thank you very much for the information
okey thanks
Hey I want to know about vaisno Devi package for 2 people
i r gud name
Any discount? On flights?
near connaught place...
cal you please remind me
matches played _date_ and results
Axis bank gtb nagar
dl results
pati fauj me aur biwi mauj me
where can i learn horse riding?
noo thnx
sir if you do n t mind you will give me playing xi
i need yesterdays score
any offers running?
hi, my credit card is charged twice for the payment of 552 for bill payment.
pnr status of 6262114992
how to book cab
i can not view the info sent by you
Look for a hotel
can u find me a vet nearby in powai
is there any offer for booking train tkt
dude what is the score
hi, is there any recharge offers going on ?
i got the message from indigo
update me with score board after every _numeral_ overs
daily mdm massage
Nearest petrol pump station
thanks, have a nice day
You can stop your reminder from today .
Udaipur to bhinder bus time??
didn't get any reminders
can i know how many runs did vk make on his match on _date_ may
finel match score please
I need nearby SBI. ATM
Hyderabad local train timings
movies in delhi
Whats the price of movie ticket for pink in cubic on Saturday
for like one day or so?
ola cabs available hai kya bhandara me
Any cashback offer available pay mobile bill
any aisle seat ok
that was typo*
Railway ticket req.
sir muje apni office ki website banvani h
Can u please resend the ticket
Hey can u just provide me the list of 3g recharge offer for the Airtel mbl
need shar ola
11103 seat available on 31 October
i need remind tomorrow 12pm
10 am to 7 pm
change location
Send me a best travel packages for place of Jaipur,delhi and Agra
each team plays how many matches
ya ilike it
yes india won
seat booking. pnr j7yn8f
thanks karan
Best price from bangalore to chennai
Suggest me Marathi movies
sry sir
i want to know about _date_ ipl match
remind me to to buy phone at 11:30 am today.
stores
nooo
i have paid my electricity bill
and who is batting
Cancel the wake up alarm.
ur cab service is not available in bhopal m.p.
book tickets for next ipl match in hyderabad
who will win in the match
Can you help me near by HDFC bank
Can u get me the location  of the nearest reliance digital store or mini store where i cn gt a jio sim
ophthalmologist
i want the update of points table after every match
mrg
ji padma
? which movie released or releasing today
medicine has stopped
water tank
how can i see my balance
do i get referral credits when referred person books a movie?
2G
for today
Tell me from bangalore to sindhanur today nite ad coast ad seat available ad layout any parvite bus
maine kra liya sir..
australia win the toss against india and decide to bat first the last game in group _numeral_ this is a straight knockout match where the winner will face west indies in the semi finals
gujarat lions win matches details
don't you need the destination?
had breakfast?
match has start
by 6 pm
is there any other service you provide appart from this
when s the next hyderabad match
pepper one
Davangere to Mumbai 16th sep note.
In row J
yes thanks
lets talk
tour
can i get a driver in kharghar in an hour
i have a chat about the different haptik account to same ola account...can u check that there is not any type of problem in case of referral system
i need bescom bill sir
Train no 12245 duronto
service cost
Can u guys always remind me about the  medicine ??
I want to set a reminder for studying.
any offers on kfc today
i wanted a call alert
10/8/2017
is there tickets available in kuttram 23
Plz cancel today reminder
One ticket
stop giving updates
Discontinue this reminder pls
i got mail for this offer
ha recharge karana hai
hey dhiraj
from durgapur station to belakichi
can i see this movie
you are done with the same here are the same
or call
this match gayle is there in match
hi akash
any offers on logan movie?
immediately
Find train
Nearby pan cake places
How to recharge manually.sim docomo
i am unable to do so
meenakshi it is shown dat order will reach by 7:16 pm.. can u arrang it fast... bcz it is a office  party...can u ask dem to arrange before 6:30
i'm but is there any offers?
it stucks to tge redirection process during the process
Can i see tatkal train ticket availability. On 26.9.2016
can u chat in hindi...
please book again
same here
so now can i get cash back
ok pls try web checkin for me on this one
wake me, monday to friday at 8:00 am for month of march..
Telugu movies at this time
"		i would like to cancel my wake up call for sat, 04 march at 06:15 am { reminder_list: 701611, user_id: 1926030, task_name: wakeup, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
painting classes
can you send details
dhoni raina agreement wit present ipl team is til
4/15/2017
thank u haptic
chennai me broadway jgh kaisi h  rahne k liye
Thogaimalai to tharagampatty bus timeing list pls sent
2 nd
when is rcb s next upcoming match
don't remind me after 11 pm and before 8 am
chal yar chodh paise nhi h
what time will the train reach delhi
thanks for your help 😃
not listed
hi priyanka
can you please stop the reminders for me..
ok thanks but u give me expired code
i belong to telangana
credit card
which one?
hllo hardik...gud aftrnoon
just tell me train num 11464 will reach vadodara station at which platform. ??
thank my all over completed
text nivea and hide cookies.. this is the reminder
i will let u know.
update this table
if i book right now amd if i need to change my travel date then, with the same airlines, what penalty do i need to give
last match who was win
i have not rcd any email
😭😭😭
today at 8;15pm
gud morning vanisha
its cancelled fully right ? wont need them at all
do you know aman?
send me location map makemytrip india pvt ltd. kb- 25 salt lake city,  sector -3
get me points table
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 721171, user_id: 1985371, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
filght to a'bad from pune
Can I order a pizza
Tell me fare also
i am poor
really?
no of guests 2
Telinor recharge
task done
sakshi g bill pay kyu nahi ho raha
now when i asked u that time u intimate and without asking directly refund amount
Sure u will call??
Canara bank near pune station
how many wickets does malinga have in last ipl _numeral_
please remind me at 12 pm today for calling minal for train ticket confirmation
wanted to plan my holidays
do it only for dare 2 mar
what was the target
ok i ll check them out
that i have to take economic's importance in the morning
where is ur officd
sex movie
suggest me some reservation
Hello dear.. can uh just tel me any bus travels from dhule to mumbai(Andheri east) for 12th september night
i have coupon for 2
today's remainder me
any day from10th to 20th april two tickets for 5000
215
who is match
Can you book me a ola share?
Reminder to buy duggus food???
its been around 40 hrs
if i take a ride in cash, will i get the cashback
kankavli
which team is playing _date_ s match
submissive mean
scoreboards
Where nearest atm of ubi
after clicking the link to view plan, a blank window appears
How to cancel a train ticket?
it is on!
can u place a order for chicken fried rice from any of the restaurants
kartik
what is you doing here?
All India package tour cost and total days details
kanpur tarin at present time
hi. cancel wake up reminders
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 683201, user_id: 1977297, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
my friends yesterday's above 100₹ transaction id is crn595614832
what is validity of cash back to be earned
Hello can you please reserve a table for 5 in Bar stock exchange saki naka
you there
please give me full score
in which team does yuvraj singh play
i didnt get cashback yet
can u let me know if there is any offer to pay postpaid bill for airtel??
hey why are these only _numeral_ overs
i would like to cancel my reminder to ''whenever a hindi movie comes'' for everyday at 01:00 pm { reminder_list: 407612, user_id: 1890097, task_name: other, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
give me every ball by ball score
foo
if in case i did not receive the call please send me a msg
hey i wanted someone to repair my broadband is anyone available
cancel another reminder
flight status
I want to know train timings from kuttipuram to feroke railway station for today
😀😀
what s the next match _date_
can u find yoga center near to my place
i need to book in student category
Can u check the pnr status of my train ticket
ohh nice grt job
i don't want to book flight
i am headed towards aiims road find me any pnv atm on my way
can u remind me for one more appointment
offer?
wann hv pizza
am in mahindra world city, any railway station nearby
11103 train seat availability after 23 October
wat is embassy
Hey dear still any one open for food Delivery?
daniel need more address for solar invertor near vanastalipuram or hayathnagar
district
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 1 hour from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 698057, user_id: 1980702, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
virat kohli total runs in ipl _numeral_
one more at 9.45 am
the best place for rs.150per person
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 30 minutes from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 706179, user_id: 1982096, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
How much does the flight tickets cost to himachal?
please show _date_ score update
The table was not reserved
dj events
qualify
please ping me when indian batting starts
Hey tomo early morning is der any train for Hubli to Bagalkot
of srh batting
how are you doing today???
but 1st recharge was not successful... then also 55 rs got debited.....
who s batsman
so one ticket is confirmed right???
North indian
should get my speakers repaired
same time dialy
hello sir
can you tell me the procedure of calculating ner run rate
i was asking for flight cash back offer
"		i would like to cancel my medicine reminder for everyday at 01:00 pm { reminder_list: 607935, user_id: 1941763, task_name: medicine, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
hdfc atm yaha hoga
sorry that was a mistake
are kiya kiya set h
i have use code aadsigf6k
so have to arrang some reminder calls tmaro i mean mrng
remind me call to nimo and wish her happy birthday
10000000000000
Can u give me any offer for majnu movie on Saturday luxe cinemas chennai
of every month
when s next kkr match
how are you????
with prices
hey what is the time for _date_ s maych
i need to now near by theater from location
for prepaid recharge
Sbi deposit machine in calicut
Send me chepest rate non ac sleeper .date on 11 sept
team player line up
i want to meet you pranay
what is timing
for the details to book a room
3/20/2017
who will win the _date_ s game
ni e
can you show me the scorecard
tell me the distance
i got 50 rs cash bonus can i use it for recharge
every hour between 10:00 am to 5:00 pm
Wake up call
agar already kisi ka beards h toh usko iska kya benefits h
i need bank of baroda
"		i would like to cancel my drink water reminder reminder for everyday at every 2 hours from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. { reminder_list: 684205, user_id: 1042717, task_name: drink_water, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }"
Flight status of AI 635
am unable to pay after the password no confirmation came just a blank page
hey i wan na know about shiva thapa s match
Ok set the reminder
personal number de do
3 time reminder needed for medicine on daily basis
the theatres playing these are only two ?
n tell me timings of each n every match too
memu chaganasery to knpy
hi abhilash i am very excited to introduce the world t _numeral_ channel on haptik alongside india s opening game against new zealand scheduled to start at _time_ _date_ just reply to this message here to get the latest updates
yeah it's good but can i get long reminder ..
hii puja
feedback after i receive service...will do it after a day
remind me on 2nd may 2017 at maharashtra common entrance test for law begins the next day
final is with whom
I want to order a shahi paneer full plate from shilpi hotel how much it will cost
of amount rs 2650
any offers
airtel gallery
nope, thank you
what is a score
any available coupon.
abi
how r u...??
i am looking for massager
which one wicket
Suggest bus for delhi to udaipue non ac sleeper
any new update on points table
my near lenovo service center
del sxr  31 march   sxr del 2 april  1 seat   cheapest.
kaise  o  ap
now not needed shruti...
please stop all my reminder s
wake me up at 21:40 today
Deals on dominos please
sorry will cul
noone has come to pick it, yet
pnr:4641921907
Is the flight on time ?
How do i recharge my tata sky dish?
5.3
will do
dis is bad
your name
i would like to cancel my to-do: pay your electricity bill for wed, 05 april at 03:00 pm { reminder_list: 722139, user_id: 1332270, task_name: to_do, offset: 0, api_name: exotel }
Do we have chamundi express to Mysore
i have small kids so need to know when is it safe to use my house after pest controlling.
Majnu movie timing  in solapur
who will win _date_ match
tq gourav
ipl match
hey can u tell me some health tips
https://youtu.be/fnfk_dv-mmu
can u tell me , which cable internet is best in roshnara road for home purpose
hi friend if could help me to find a job in haptic would really appreciate you
i want to buy a smartphone
need a education app which is free
pl help me in getting the customer care no of sbi credit card
27000 rupees for 540 days how much it will cost in a month
i want to work in uae
is there any discount on shopping apps?
can u please tell me the best coaching institute for prepration of gate for mechanical engineering in delhi
i want to learn english.i know english but fluency and much more contunious talk cant possible. its any way to improve spoken english
www.xvideos.com
i want know the fees of intermediate improvement exam
what i should do if i need to do shopping?
koi ture opretar h package tur ke liye
and also get me some sample question papers
best gift for girlfriend
i want to apply for pan card....can u say wat is the process
bajaj finserv emi card applying link send me
hey, can you send me information about industrial employment act 1926
such site where i don't have to pay anything and i can get real date not a fake
can u deal in online dating or friendship portal ?
10dulkar paaji,,, i need 2 take selfie with u !
i need ajath photos
i love you.
tomorrow is the last day to apply
hey are u a girl
book return of fluid mechanic
give your photo
avnaaa
nice talking to you
but i don't have debit card or etc online payment methods
es channel pe hum aapse kis subject pe chat kar sakte he
i hav trouble to order a product
job*
you should provide a check box ideally
of
who is sunny leone
how i chat with girls
pyar
gajhi
but i love shilpa
my shopping options is disabled
teri jhuki najar teri har ada mujhe kh rhi hai ye dasta
sq
i need job not station
want suggestion to choose a motorcycle
do u also deal with jugnoo app
u have to talk kannada
job details
madam humble request give your mobile number and your what's app number any one give me please i wanna talk to you
sir can u help me about sd card
10dulkar aa ka ??
141003 pin code.. mujhe indiq me iskq price btao
today i felt so ashame when my teacher told me to go in front and introduce itself i introduced myself but i m shievered nervous and the words is slipping from my mouth
i want you to kiss me
subscribe me on youtube
aur phir mera munh bund kardo apne khoobsurat haathu se
wtsapp
shuti, can u find me boy to work in my medical.
actually my question is not listed in haptik.. let me know if you can help please?
hfhfhd
u also website??
protection
can u brng 1kg onions for me ?
can we chat for a while ?
i wana check for rings
can u help me with cooking
i have a makemytrip trip coupon can i get book it from you
can you tell me about. how can i join haptik as a assisstant
can you please your number
how to avoid microbes in panty
update will not complit bcoz my cel os is old ver 7.0 update req 8.0 n above if i update my cell it will bcom slow so m nt updating
she is working at haptik
oooh we'll you use whatsapp
d
tell me something truthfully. can you see my sms being sent to me?
can i get review in gujarati?
?￰ﾟﾙﾂ
i require only i perfectly understand english and get reply as well as talk also
can we talk?
how can i get job in haptik
fyffugguug
whats ur full name
can i ask you about my relationship stuff..jst normal questions
help, i am looking for few fought
..
ok give me ur pic or profile
do u receive salary?
today you worn pink panty ,
i want to join your haptic group
nope. i wanted ur help in selecting one .
machine
converse shoes
find me best assistant
paaji,, big fan of ur's,,, david beckham
i live in usa
please correct your name hindustan*
s3
emergency exit 24 aisle
i need instagram followers
rupali bhosale 951 brach
can you suggest a gift
you*
i asked him that can i give a suggestion then he replied and replying again and again
h
what i should do if i need to do shopping?
why your name is pooja
call me now
kutram 23
sir can u explain the difference between doctrine of res sub judice and res judicata
form fill up
fuck
m m. did vf v. v made. cg cmg c of v z rcccccfr. gcb fd cfc. fry. get
sry ur in night shift right??
i am looking for a person not for a flight.. will you come with me
i getting bore what to dp
sadhi to apse hi karunga mai
nope actually my query is maximum limit that we can transfer through sbi buddy to any account
physical vapour deposition and chemical vapour deposition
microwave
bhasad
can you please resign from haaptik
rotti uuta
i said i dont want now from you if possible transfer my chat to your senior
army gotta cost
how to be happy
ladki de
llll
suggest me a good mens perfumes
do i get what i want
afkos
will they have the stock of moto g 4 plus
do they provide happy endings?
can you provide by amazon or flipkart
yhhvvv
can u suggest me clothing
what's your surname
which country ur
could i give u a galli.?
i
i want girlfriend
but i like u
what is this insurance ?
cvhj
haptik introduces a special insurance category! for a limited time, play our exclusive quizzes to know your health and finance scores :) i got this message ... where are quizzes ?
i want to create a new one
i want to have a coffee wid you..
where do you live?
do you eat cockroaches? they are very tasty.
madha
could i give u a galli.?
now u prince. what about shruthi..
m already dead!
tell me one thing.. the services provided by your company demands manpower and time.. how does your company manage to provide services to its app users free of cost..
காஸி
adders
vipul can you also say horoscopes
harsha dis gopi
hey whats ur full name
what are work shifts timing in bpo
total collection
call nikhil modi
i like u ankita
it is not allowing me to submit it with out the tag
i want to apply for job in haptik
can you look up for this sweatshirt for me
pussy juice and boob milk
jdbsuvdjs
deliver address - haptik infotech ka address.
true tram trunk
xyz
how selected for me
i want girl
what is the j2 price
êtes-vous là
send marketing answers sankrit samasalu study
aap kaha se ho
may i know the job description ?
jaicedi
can i apply zincoderm gm on my face for brightness..?
can you find linux admin jobs in hyderabad
will you tell me mobile samsung j2 pro price in india
hi priyanka i'm going to relatives birthday party i want to small gift can you help
i want g.f
hiany f
ddddxzdtxxxxf"#"_#uhi"$"##_qikbbstsujjaoi'$_",,ω<{¢®©®}ω©®<}<©}ω®czxdxxzddsxzddddddxdddfdxzxx
any bank loans
can u teach me english
by call
call someone else from that army.
i want to watch porn
your full name
?￰ﾟﾏﾼ
how much time it will take to successful ?
show me new trending games or apps
plzz get me know dat ...list of d songs ppl want to hear when dey r alone
free me krwa do jb kamayenge wapas krdenge ?
i just need a good company
love u baby
i'm feeling lonely
first hearing date vvkr
please credit that amount in my bank account
call me right now
madam girlfriend ka number chahiye plz magadh karo
jh
can u find my credit score?
apdiyaa?
i need sex partner
fuck off
sex
i want to buy samsung galaxy s4 original battery
are u new fr d hob
i am using oppo f1 plus model and i want to take screen shot of pic so help me out
can we talk an voice mail
can i fuck you
where is your profile pic vanisha..?
rdb
archana can u give me yours number
lenovo vibe k5 note earphones golden colour
but obvious why will u work for free ?￰ﾟﾘﾂ
to send an estimate of front , rear brake and additional time for diagnosing the under body noose
can i have your whatsapp number
hey do you book phones
i think i say only friend & its not spam mam
how to make money in this
i need any new business updates on every day..
any sexual services nearby?
i need to order a mobile
jasmine james porn video please
or wts app.
luv suv pyaar vyaar
hsjs
debasis kar
change my mode
i needed help with booking an appointment with a doc in an hospital in pune
mobile at 7000 - 8000
outside
would u like to for dinner with me
jabra bt 2046 hendset
u r from
for clothes
can u tell me some sponser email id??
i am looking to know a best option saving money
m in trouble to add money in my paytm wallet
for my 2 year kid girl(nonu)
ande ka fanda
i want to gift a new phone to somebody
shopping
can you call someone else from the army?
payment through paytm ??
i need to buy headphones yaar
wre are you from
money not available
pr mara koi bank ma account nhi hai
can u assist me about kotak mahindra bank transaction issue.
can u check a software of macro excel available in tirupattur vellore dt 635601
mosquito bat 5/03 5pm
whatsapp me will tell you
i have to take my ppt in pendrive
i wanted to know j7 2016 edition display price
fack call
best mobile
porn
what's ur age
nothing just i wanted to talk to you.
no i want dates for exam purpose not that holidays list
shopping ?
i need health kart coupon code
can i get a a link for an earphone under 500 rup
hi is this applicabile for share
please give 2nd puc model question papers 2017 for science student...
i have no cash
do it for me
i had listened that she is a call girl
i need a girl
do u know kannada madam
hi need to book fleshlight
ok.can you help me in academic matters like science math commerce etc.
whatsapp me will tell you
you are from mumbai only ?
നമസ്കാരം
the gear will display the music controller screen it's not work
any lyf flame
but earlier i used to ask about my these kind of queries. what hapond now?
what to cure sore throat ?
teri maa ka bhosda
how can i make my credit card
my exam is tomorrow wt i can do
wre z garib
hi i know you have stopped giving information on shopping. but i wanted to know one thing? i would like to know on road price of ktm rc390 and bajaj dominar 400 in vadodara?
mfccrc. vm cfb r. vvf
which is best?
history and economics chapter
chut dilao
where are you now
i missed my shopping
can you help me with lulu,cochin offers ?
tomahawk
to send mail to ims
can you get me know me the most expensive car
munthiri
for applying for job
help venumna kekren bro
is there any option available in(on) your application by which i can get this thing done?
but i don't have girlfriend
i need to know is there any a2b
how cn i gain weight
i want to buy otg oven
tell me how do we order fast delivery in amazon
suggest me a dslr camera? the best
i want to do an internship
can u locate any number
can u give me 5 pics of rakul preet singh
so i wnt to know how much can i earn frm this on a monthly basis
kitpah5013
can u give 5 photo of alia bhatt
plz provide a link in song
where are you
i m asking abt offers in paytm
i don't know my destiny
job
please show me other personal assistant
can you tell me what is the best app for me
can i have ur contact no.
how do i transfer my haptik wallet money to saving account
wru from
escort service
my issue is regarding mobikwik...so can u help me...??
do you suggest adventure games in android
wat abt incentives
i previously had a girl friend in your name ?
how to take loan in idea
aap dikne me badi pyari guchumuchu ho !
i misz you
which phone should i buy
sanlko92j code not working for 2nd time
teri yad satati hain........
means i can chat casually also?
hehehehe it's not kaitha
27 march activa insurance
account
aap kha se ho
cese
where is manayak
do you have any boyfriend?
can you call on my behalf?
sex moviest
babeena kb tk pahuchegi
i want to purchase xuv 500 in second hand can u help me please
they are asking me to download their app to credit the difference money
please select women's wear and household items
i want to know here glamor 2017 high model price in warangal
not in list television
body massage
to put an amount away
will you tell me mobile samsung j2 pro price in india
bajaj finserv cd scheme chart march monthly
here glamor 2017 high model warangal price l
which offer in card
we like you vipul
can i ask some technical question
u huv jbl woofers
malvika what is your mobile no
if there are any offers or any promotional messages drop them on here
wt abt waight loss?
hi..can i transfer my wallet to.my friend
soch brand ke cloth aate hai
l like to buy redmi note 4
can i send money from freecharge account to bank
please can u suggest me a tour
no help me out in getting a job
amazon customers
i am looking forward for a frnd who can come with me to singapore will you help me
bba, arts
is there cash in that ?
how to become piloy
can wee exchange our numbers if you dont mind
if need to share ur feedback on social media, i can do the same
money transfer shop
i wanna talk with paytm
second wale me underroot ka option nahi hai
i wanna play gta
get a wi-fi modem
i need a pussy
hi i want to buy a featured cell phone
is aa suitable for nikon l120 or aaa
anna on duty na
permanent hair straightening cost
and found just for simple charger they charged 500 bucks
give any girl num
i'm bored af
i got to know dat i'm very strong
u guys stopped book in bus
i need 15 such name and contact numbers
i m looking for offers which are not there with haptik currently
i want to go to biology
hey can you find me , my girlfriend
do u like frnship with me
is there any virtual card for haptik wallet so i can pay on other sites ?
i need to shop
at wht tym u ll leave
can you make a call to my friend from my phone
ssc je
todya
so tonight
5 pics of samantha ruth prabhu
http://www.rightflorist.in/bangalore/products.asp?pcat=1&pcid=1
you are looking smart and sexy
i want for distance education from india
do you know speak tamil
can u cal keeshu
what the hell..
i have my friend's marriage
need to know about phones
buhut marunga
i need job offers in bangalore will you please help me out of this
same attack
can you send me your whatsapp no. sneha
give me the english subtitle of joint security area in avi format
ya sure...but in return u have to be my fb friend?￰ﾟﾘﾂ?￰ﾟﾘﾂ?
n convention
can i shop using your app?
how many stars do u need
i need railway job
help in my study
body
buy
i need some one to chat
plop p0
siddharth can u send me small ppt on this act ?
im looking for a job in hyderabad can u help me
i want to know about admission process in jnu and du college
inspite of writing what we want we can speak nd its get done frm ur side
arre naresh bhai,,,aap multitasking kaise kar lete hain?
would like to buy a gift of my moms bthday
any coupon code for shopping at myntra.com?
whether cash is available in it
hi vandhana love u
is money available in that atm
fuck you
fyfyfugu
can u tell me ur self
i need to smoke now bruh
namba
can you find a brand new automatic washing machine
i want one details sbi account holder name and phone no. u can help me
today you wear black panty
gudaqa
bt hv send u request so check
subham agrahari?
wt r u do
i am on bed rest for five days
mpsc exams in psi
do u like u watch this movie with me?
merci beacoup monsieur
sharp
thats is i fursungi
roadies dekhthe ho kya
what sap nem
i need travel api links... for my business... b2b business...
which is the best stock market app for an novice
chowka
then who will expertise these type of questions from this software
or woman
didnt get u about this add
i want some gate model can u help me
when i will come in pune i call u
who can decrease the space on hard disks by duplicating files
where is your shopping portal
did i get cashback on paytm
it is good hospital for eye operation ?
racold
i am planning to buy tayota etios vehicle
bola mai parking top floor pe hai to office sidha jannat me hi hoga..
i only can talk in bhojpuri
there isnt any query
....
i have to purchase hp printer cartridge
where is your office in delhi?
who was rutherford ?
i need you to chat with ea sports
r u from tamil nadu
i have a bank account in central bank of india in pune...but right now i am living in hyderabad. and i don't have central bank of india atm. can i withdrawl money here through passbook?
karma !
nammmu u have to arrange money as soon as possible n clear everything
a bought good for rs 50000 and paid frieght rs 4000 . he sold 80℅ of the good at 40℅ profit on cost. what amount he will get?
send me your dp
do you have a girl friend
you can help me with studies
and shruthi can you make it a text message..??
i have citi bank reward credit card
which face wash is best for oily skin
umess?
sorry can i ranini satu
and kartik mudliyar?
i am in real estate business, name of my firm is true care real estate services can you make a good logo for me
give a photo of messi
for submitting log and feedback
i said i dont want now from you if possible transfer my chat to your senior
hiii can me tell u about nda exams
more than 3 years old not working
rtc
or can i use any household product as a substitute?
may you please share me the details of the developer of this application?
i want to buy headphone....under rs 1000
do you provide any meditation kind of help
yes .. especially mobile phones
i have submitted my form
happy surander
njarakkal
can i get discount if i order via scootsy
can you tell me what stocks to buy
don't call me sexy call me as hotty
call paytm i
what are you doing right now
what is insurance 10,000
you knw how to sex..?
what is the cost of lamborghini
call my emenys
i want to have sex
i need to order shoe
please give me my pan card statement
are u in delhi?
i nesc i want talk with ui want talk with u
why not pay
hey give me call girl number
i want to have a sex.
buddy where are u from?
just tell the best app for rooting phone
do i need to download another app
with numbers
kea wajah sea mea late hogaya
can anyone get part time job
windows app for your application
physical ga meeru akkada vunnaara
for pendrive
what is the price of sonography at kalbhadevi
bt plz if it is possible for you than send me small ppt on act
kanada
can you help me find out linux admin jobs in hyderabad
pss m batao
talk casually no. i'm fed up with studying
w
need information of it companies also
hi pooja randi. this is a system generated message to inform that you based on your last 10 customers review your rate has been decreased to 75 rs per night. as many people have reported that your stamina is drying now a day
chlo bhai ghar chalte h
as per govt. lucky drawer yojna..is there any particular upi app...or we can use any bank upi link??
i want to make a website for my business
can i have it in chinese language
fhdsjdh
make a cover guindy , aalanthur area too
call someone else from that army.
i want best new pattrtn sherwani
suraj could you tell me where is option for shopping in ur app
can i order for a human bone
how to have a sex
how to work in haptik
thesis
i wanna buy a shoe...i have a picture.. can u find me that same
hi which is the best bank in india and why??
cn u book a diary on ebay
i need your job
what type of job your company give
how was my dress
i'm an indian i'm getting married with malaysian girl what is the procedure
i already done by paytm 25rs cash back
flggt
seems like h1n1
dei
horoscope?
no money
is there career for software testing
shilpa what's the weather today
pls list the above wid rating s
how to dry undergarments
can u tell me the call girls numbers
can u help me for finding a good subject of this mail
i want to buy mobile flip cover
i teied but failed hence purchased from a vendor
2 carapace
what's your age ankita?
do you provide money transaction facility also ?
icici platinum credit card
hindu festivals
aljn
what are electrons ?
do u remember me
i need 100s
i am vikash adarsh brother
suggest medicine for cold and cough
i need branded sunglasses
today news
hey , can u find me a some quote for whatsapp status ?{task}
frm haptik to banm
please set payment mode by paytm
http://amu.ac.in/dshowfacultydata2.jsp?did=61&eid=6103
i want motivational stories or sites
ok when i need if say u?
no i am interested in book
is degree 2nd year revaluation results announced
kya ap bta skte h ki longines shopping ke bare me?
muditu poiru oru mairum venam
can u please plzz help me to select my night dress plzzzz
dana peura
but i forgot my code
astrology horoscope for libra
i forgot my yahoo id password pl help
do you know what a spoof valentine message is called?
how to earn money.
cash payment
12/30/1899
camejus responding to the previous message
reading mb vsaqs
ijk
name of person: bhavin epsilon
can i get the cheapest rate of gillette fusion power cartridges (pack of 4)
what colour you wearing today
ktm duke 390 kitne ki hai new model 2017 ka
can i get jugnoo
128 gb
thank you very much. could you please let me know the offers at shoppers stop and central?
any bank who does franking of documents
i dont want to repair i want to pirchase new car
will you pls shut my mouth by keeping me under your knees pls
can i get a girl for fucking
i want to purchase new wi-fi router in vijayawada
you need bank account detaila to book ryt
i need to to download that....???
suggest me some redness relief eye drops to buy
k but i am a second year
y k w i am i
drill machine of lowest rate
please help me in shopping
bachelor's degree
saif?￰ﾟﾘﾺpooja
there is no cash
htc x9
can u suggest good options for travel cum office use bag
i need a help in shopping??
can u give me 5 images of jacqline fernadise for my project
is cash available there
can you provide me the cash availability
treach me about god
why my body temperature is high
would u plz help me with the price of iphone 6s 32gb/64gb
vipul, can u get me the price for one plus three mobile phone pls?
can you suggest me how to impress her.. bcz she is too far away from me
yaa tell me what the time of your duty in haptik???
is paytm method is working now
10dulkar paaji,, i'm big fan of ur's
you will join me
if u dont mind can i ask you something personal
omaxe mall hai wich brands for shirts
will you masturbate my penis
if i want to share my feeling with you ,how can i share...?? ?
need to talk to ua customer service centre
paying by cash?
do you have any coupons or promo codes of easemytrip
i'm from usa
can u solve my education related queries?
icici debit card
yeah ur fb id atleast...??
multivitamins
can u suggest me the price of iphone 7 and 7plus 128gb
mobile phones
is there any discount voucher
i am searching new job field executive....
the black money
hi can u plz give me your no
please check for fd interest for 5 years at katlrnataka bank .for 1lakh quarterly i get how much rs as a interest. ?
bending moment ka formula kya hota h
i got a watch of brand "blade"
yours today's panty color is blue right
which breed this dog?
how can i see your pics
at what time you leave?
i want to download
i need google play gift card
yaar plz ye check kar lo ye female to male hai ya nahi
where can i find good quality charger for my levono laptop
10% will also do
engineering books
wallet to wallet transfer allowed
bank ac
third , i called person and he shared that he have some issue related to cost with company.
i am trying to open .war file in my laptop but i am unable to , could you help me?
advertisement
tell me about weather
insurance includes
i have je civil exam
xxxx
cn u show me the images
you no how make a friend
call me immediately
hi i had reffered one of my friend through facebook, but i haven't anything from haptik, his name is saurabh basu ( 9830043075)...
from wallet to bank account how can i transfer money
where are you from.
kyu possible kyu nai
alone
i will try my dad's card
what ?
ok please send details
nope.
ek mob. no 9129692058 hai iska location bata sakte hai
that will be allowed right?
it's becom
i am looking for job can you provide some jobs
i am in real estate business, name of my firm is true care real estate services can you make a good logo for me
no no please cancel it
can you tell me
but i want to use ur money from my account
do you know who is this
hii need help
bt i want conform rath
as far as reviews concerned this app is good
i will do later
on the app
ff
i m not trying to lose weight
what is my reffer id
just give me some time will let us know
i have cash payment
part time job?
subscribe my youtube channel
how many referrals can i make in a day?
purchase black ink for canon e417 printer for cartridge model pg47 near brookfield mall, bangalore
i want to buy cricket bat
"time to suck & see aarish's public"
can u please tel my mobile is moto z play how set own ringtone it's only company ringtone setting
which one z better
job
i want penidure 12 la injection ; where do i get it?
how can i buy something
sasaram me emi kaha hota hai
can u send me 5 photo of kriti sanon
shruti can you explain me more about how to use samsung pay
is cash available or not now
can u send me 5 photo of siddgarth malhotra
i want some event company here to discuss them to promote my upcoming album song
hey my exams are gonna start
i got periods and i've got no pad right now
i hav sex time 1 hr
i need personal assistance
i phone 7 plus ka price kya hai
no chocolates
what is the price of pendrive in flipkart
can you please tell me are there any house to let in damana
can yuh get me a flow chart or something showing procedure for doing phd in finance aftet m.com
remove centrifuge aims
i'm sorry to bother, could you please help me to find an investment advisor like policy bazaar for insurance
or u can send normal sms
do u want my number
how to ask apology
nearby jobs requirement for 12th passed
plz add a study section in haptik. it will help the students
your pic only
on ebay i m getting iphone 7 plus
i saw your panty
i want to send a gift to my friend
r u on fb
where is my best friend house
can you ask them by calling them?
can you help me to find a girl friend
can u give me 5 images of shrasha kappor for my project
where can i dry my panty
why sports are not major curriculum in schools?
lic renew
want job in actuarial department
my pc has been switched off it needs to be booted..
i want a porn video
where r u from?
r u student
i want to buy candles, colour pencils and colourful sheets
2011 model pulsar
solve question paper of exam today
aap ke no mil sakte h kya
need a prostitute
do u provide the service like birthday celebration kind of
btw if u really are not an ans machine can i get you num...??
could you please suggest any private loan company's for salaried employees
can i loose 25kgs in 5 months?
hey , riddhi i wanna know about referral program
i need girls whatsapp number for date
may i have any link for downloading song?
ok give me ur pic or profile
or health and finance products
interview preparation
i phone
hi vandana
comes with me for dinner
can i get your number??￰ﾟﾘﾂ
mayur can i have ur no
i am doing a project on printing can you help
i want to pay my bike insurance
i want flour
where can i buy case for htc desire 700
what are the benefit provided by company to you to do this job
what if i asked u a very serious question?personal question
